Only the park outside of the hotel was beautiful. 
No real complaints, the hotel was great great location, surroundings, rooms, amenities and service, Two recommendations. However. Firstly, the staff upon check in are very confusing regarding deposit payments and the staff offer you upon checkout to refund your original payment, and you can make a new one Bit confusing. Secondly, the on site: restaurant is a bit lacking, very well thought out and excellent quality food for anyone of a vegetarian or vegan background, but even a wrap or toasted sandwich option would be great Aside from those minor minor things fantastic spot and will be back when I return to Amsterdam 
Very comfortable beds: smart bathroom, good, shower Lovely facilities, garden, an absolute delight, friendly staff, quiet location, 
Everything 
Great Hotel with wonderful staff and good cuisine, 
Location 
The front desk staff were very helpful and pleasant. 
Friendly atmosphere beds comfortable 
Just the location and view 
Around the corner from the London eye and used it for a Trafalgar trip as the pickup for our tour was around the corner, Walked down to the Borough market and took a river cruise to Greenwich. Plent of eating spots close by as well Over the bridge, was Westminster, Abbey Parliament, House and Big Ben and walked to Trafalgar Square as well, also a laundry available which is very helpful. 
I like how easy it was to all attractions so close to London, eye tube station 
Service and friendly staff 
Shower was incredible: 
The staff, the location and the breakfast 
Perfect location for the Stade de France and Metro to centre of Paris, Good bus links to Stade de France bus stop right outside hotel, Pleasant, walk back to hotel. Afterwards, I loved the diverse nature of the area. Coffee maker did not work. Apart from that, the room was spacious, clean and comfortable Better than I expected 
Close to Kensington Palace, which is the reason I stayed there - Georgeous lobby and sitting room full of history: Helpful staff, 
Bed was very comfy. Staff are very nice in a great area, high class hotel, 
Grand location, very helpful staff, Beautiful interior 
The breakfast 
Give us free upgrade 
Amazing, hotel and location, fantasics rooms and plenty of space staff very helpful 
Nothing 
Excellent location close to both the gares de Lyon and Bercy and the lovely Bercy Park and the Bercy village, with plenty of lively restaurants and bars Very good breakfast Helpful staff. 
Dining facilities 
This hotel is a boutique hotel, so everything look old, but it works as normal. The location is very nice. Easy go to Louvre Museum, Many restaurants nearby, and you can find some local coffee shop in the morning. The staff is really helpful and friendly. 
Staff, where very friendly 
My husband and I were traveling as a part of our honeymoon and the room was provided with bottle of wine chocolates and more. Thank you very much for all your hospitality. 
The hotel has a really nice feel about it. It'S not too big and so feels cosy. The other guests seem normal too, and the staff weren't up themselves, Lovely and clean and beautiful food. 
Comfy beds, 
Good bedding 
Staff was 1st rate. The young woman Carmen with the most enchanting eyes, I might add, was especially friendly and helpful. 
The rooms were lovely and modern, 
Great location, very central Staff friendly, particularly the female staff members, 
Good Service 
Good Service 
Staff were very pleasant to deal with. 
Hotel and position 
Excellent property 
Location 
Really comfy cool hotel in a great location, 
Very modern, boutique style hotel, Very good location Near to many public transport. 
Staff was very helpful with any requests we made Recommend the executive level for the extra's provided to the guests. The room was clean and wasn't just a hotel room had a den feel, so that was nice. Location of hotel was perfect for our needs. 
Air conditioning, Perfect location by Kensington, Gardens 1 minute walk to bus or subway Clean newly refinished interior 
It was in an excellent position and enjoyed walking through Kensington Gardens. 
Location 
Absolutely everything 
Really good breakfast very comfy room, very good location hotel had great facilities. Staff spoke very good english and were very helpful. 
Close proximity to rail services, shops and restaurants, as well as start point for Ride, London Staff were friendly and helpful. Aircon in room was very welcome. 
Really enjoyed the location to the Start of Ride. London 100 could not be easier, Excellent location to all trains, Special mention to our Reception area and Especially MD Mohammad. He was excellent, helped with everything and everybody all the times. 
The room was perfect, Comfy, bed and very quiet Location was superb and Michael at reception was fantastic. I left my watch after I had checked out on the Sunday He called within the hour and it was in the post the following day. Thank you. 
We were particularly impressed by the very warm welcome. We received a lovely hotel in a superb location, good size, room with excellent bathroom. We will come back and already have recommended it to friends and relatives. 
Location was perfect within walking distance to everything you need. 
New property, great coffee maker, in room, Fantastic, shower, 
Everything 100 perfect. 
Staff were friendly and rooms clean 
Lovely Staff, Clean and Bed is comfortable accessible to all public transportations. 
Nice, hotel and decor 
Comfy bed very close to Lancaster Gate, subway station and Kensington Gardens. 
Beautiful buffet breakfast Proximity to transport Close to Kensington, gardens, Lovely walks in area Plenty of places to eat nearby. 
Bed comfy nice reading room 
Nice hotel very clean and modern Close to aldegatr east tube station, making it easy to get anywhere 
Staff very friendly, helpful Room, its facilities, good Location, good, easy walk to St Pauls area. 
The hotel was located right by Queensway underground station. The Ac in the room was faulty the day we checked in, we complained and our room was changed immediately to a bigger one Free upgrade and we remained there till we left 
Location is excellent. The bathroom and shower were great Overall well worth the cost for a sort stay in London. 
I didn't have breakfast 
Excellent location, room was spacious and staff were great. Nothing was too much trouble. 
All the staff were extremely helpful friendly. The buffet breakfast was excellent. 
Excellent value for money room was idea: staff very helpful 
Accommodating on arrival and helpful with valet parking and taxis to restaurant 
Andrew at hotel desk was very helpful and professional on arrival. 
Bed is very comfortable. Breakfast is great location, very central 
Comfy Bed 
The breakfast 
Comfortable beds and lovely shower 
Location 
Helpful doorman and bellman Nice breakfast 
So handy for the station 
The room, space and design Waiting staff 
Very nice hotel breakfast was very good check out was easy. 
Lovely clean boutique, hotel, Friendly staff, great bed and linens very important to me and a good shower Interesting room with bay windows. Terrific location, walk 2 blocks to Kensington Gardens 
Good location, close to metro, good and safe parking beneath the hotel, good rooms with a real good bed. We had two adjacent and connecting rooms. 
The best experience I ever had the Staff are incredibly friendly and make you always feel like home. The room is also I like it, the most very comfortable, very clean. I will definitely come back again. 
Staff is very friendly and helpful, Looks like it was just remodeled 
Excellent location right on the metro, not centre of Paris but loads of facilities near 
Staff were very helpful and efficient Atmosphere, cosy and and comfortable Food. Excellent 
Good value, nice staff, very central 
Location with respect to transportation, 
Staff were friendly, 
Friendly and welcoming staff nicely appointed rooms, love the Nespresso machine, comfortable bed and very clean and tidy overall, a great find 
A very modern and comfortable hotel next to the Old Street metro station. It is a big hotel, but not anonymous. The staff gives personal attention and is very friendly and helpful. The room is spacious, with a very comfortable bed, Lights, curtains and tv can all be controlled with a touch screen very futuristic. We had a room with a beautiful view over the city Overall excellent value for money. 
Londons secret gem among the hotel list, The electronic devices in the room are first rate. 
Clenliness 
Wonderful hotel, with some very nice touches - I would definitely stay here again And only a short walking distance from Olympia and Hammersmith. 
Beautiful room, although small, had everything we needed and very comfortable The man at reception could not help us enough. He made our stay perfect if only we could have stayed longer. Thank you. 
Limited but a good spread of breakfast Good central location and very welcoming staff. 
The staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Excellent location, nice room good prices for London, 
The location was excellent for getting to the O2 
The house keeping lady made my boyfriends day with how funny she was 
Having an Indian Restaurant in the hotel was a bonus 
Staff were friendly and helpful. 
Room was big view, was ok, staff were polite, lobby was beutifull, 
The location 
Staff very friendly room was fine Check out in the morning a little slow, but that's the only thing. 
Cleanliness, peaceful 
It was a good hotel with lovely staff and convienient for all our needs. 
The place is in central of paris, and the area is so nice. 
Theprice was the main attraction for this property. The location was a bit off the main areas and it was a 20 ride from Paddington Station, where the 74 for 2 return Heathrow Express, drops you from the airport, So Barbican isn't the wisest choice. If this is your destination from Heathrow, The room had angles and posts in strage places taking up considerable space, The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was satisfactory. 
Beautiful building 
The bed was comfy 
We liked the bed very comfortable and extremely clean. The hotel is in central London, but still offered a peaceful night during our stay. 
Tasty breakfasts beautiful window view and kind helpful staff. There created amazing atmosphere of our pleasant mornings. Our special thanks are to the Manager Vasiliy, as well as to Vasile and Alina, who mainly contributed to our positive mood and amazing pleasant. Staying in the hotel. 
Very comfortable room and a great size for 2, or, like me, a single person who likes extra space executive suite. I got a part river view on the 16th floor, which I wasn't expecting. However, definitely request a high floor number if you're not directly facing the river as the very tall Corniche Building to the west will block out a lot of light Very friendly and helpful staff. 
The Size of the bathroom was really good. 
Perfect location, great food, 
Location is in a very lively neighborhood with restaurants and charming boutiques, immediately to left and right when you step out Convenient location, walkable distance to Louvre Saint Honore and department stores, The hotel design is beautiful, modern and clean room decently. Sized 
The Rockwell is a nice hotel, Our room, a double, was very small. Also the bed was small, The bathroom was tiny. I guess that is to be expected. In London, The breakfast, a la carte was fine and the reception area. Peaceful. The hotel is in a good location, 
Lovely building Good rooms, Stylish, Very professional senior staff management, 
Nice breakfast free infused water at reception, 
I stay at this hotel on most occasions i visit London. It is friendly, always clean and in an excellent location. The rooms are spacious. Beds are comfortable with good quality linen. I would recommend to others. 
Helpful staff lovely room, very clean, good location, 
Breakfast was really good. Room was clean and had an AC 
The bed was very comfy and the room and bathroom were lovely. The location of the hotel was excellent for local entertainments and for various metro stations, Even though there was considerable renovations being carried out. This did not disturb us at all. 
The breakfast was lovely and in a nice part of the hotel, It's in the museum area, so it's close to everything. 
Staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful, Very comfortable room, Good quality food 
The bed 
The location was great, absolutely lovely room with an excellent bed and a fantastically great shower and the possibility of a very late check out. 
Amazing bed and staff 
Design 
Good public areas cafe and bar had plenty of space outdoor seating near the bar Good selection of breakfast items Decent size car park, not free 
Staff were very helpful and pleasant. 
The staff was particularly helpful and the continental breakfast was so delicious. 
Building is very old but nicely maintained. Bed quality was excellent and quality of toilettes are very good. We booked family suite and there are three single beds in children room, but we have a teenage daughter, so they gave us two connecting rooms later, which were much better. The rooms are facing back of building which is better than facing road because it is more quiet and you can keep window open. 
It'S really handy for the station and easy checking in Staff friendly. We have stayed several times. 
The accommodations were incredible: we arrived for one night and got upgraded to a lovely suite, the shower tub outdoor patio, the bed, the sitting room, everything was perfection. The boutique, upscale and cozy hotel had the nicest staff and was so lovely to stay in the heart of paris. They served an amazing breakfast that was typical, parisian and so quaint and european. It had such great vibes and it exceeded my expectations. 
Location is great Near to metro station Room is good size, n comfortable Breakfast in room is so thoughful. 
Family friendly 
The staff were helpful location, very good. The outside look of hotel is lovely and nice area to wander round Easy, walking to oxford street, etc. 
Close to Hyde Park for a BST concert, we were attending Fri melt and helpful staff, good food and a breakfast deal if you booked on arrival, which we opted for 
Staff were extremely helpful and nothing seemed too much trouble. 
Very bad hotel, 
The rooms are nice, Location is perfect, Staff are super friendly, 
Good Location, 
Room was clean. Lobby was very impressive. 
What A refreshing experience! I am used to drab five star hotels in London and on arrival here it was the absolute wow factor from minute one. I would put it up there as one of my best ever Hotel experiences in my many years of travel and would highly recommend it as the only hotel to stay at in London. 
Good location, Interesting hotel, 
Very small cozy hotel, beautiful neighborhood, great staff, one of the best hotel staff I ever met the rooms are very tiny, but it's london. So it wasn't a shocking matter. 
The bed, The staff, The facilities, The location, The decor 
Very good staff and hotel was clean, Nice central location, 
About 20 min Walk to Eiffel Tower Very close to many types of restaurants. 
Upgraded rooms are excellent Good size for travelers, with 4 suitcases Beautiful bathroom with shower Bed very comfortable, Linen crisp, clean super white 
The location was great, However: renovations were taking place that created a lot of noise. Throughout the day There was also no water. On the morning we were due to depart, We complained and the staf were very sympathetic and offered a discount 
The location is perfect, The Eiffel Tower was a 2 minute walk away, which meant we could sneak out before the crowds and catch the sunrise over the Eiffel Tower then go back for breakfast. The staff at check in check out were fast and efficient. A large selection of food available for breakfast Go down early as it got really busy from 9 am onwards. The price was a little steep. However, in comparison to other properties available, it was worth the money 
Nicely appointed rooms and helpful staff 
Closeness to the Eiffel tower, 
Close to effiel tower 
The bed was very comfortable and the bath towels luxurious, The room was very well appointed and the staff so friendly and helpful 
Staff were excellent, very efficient, helpful and friendly, Exceptionally comfortable beds and superb shower Malin. Goetz products very luxurious, 
Perfect location on the South Bank and cool decor 
Excellent location across beautiful parks and close to metro and different types of restaurants, The room was a good size with a big comfortable bed. The bathrooms were updated. 
Location lobby, restaurant and staff were great 
Staff very welcoming Supplied us with a UK plug adaptor, as we had forgotten ours, Breakfast very good lots of choice, Location, also, great, Very nice area of Paris to stay for young couple: Lots of restaurants around and 2 metro, very close by Vavin and Raspail 
The room and hotel was clean, 
Great old house getting refurbished this year, which will improve the quality of the accomodation 
Good location not far to walk for the tube and Leicester Square walkable 
Big room comfy bed, 
Location is good, Strong WiFi, 
Our family apartment was just the right size and space for my family of six, I loved the wardrobes, and that we had plenty if storage space for our stuff 
Great bed super TV and WiFi 
Everything about this hotel was excellent. The staff in particular were faultless. 
The extras, because it was my partner's birthday, 
Hotel was clean and modern Staff were friendly and helpful, Really cheap, Only place. We had been to on this trip, which had its own fridge, which was a bonus 
The location was excellent, the staff were efficient and curtious 
Free wine and pudding made us very happy guests. 
The location 
Location Breakfast good Value of money, 
Location is central. Staff were pleasant, 
Nothing 
Received really poor service 
Location 
Sugar Brioche, excellent coffee and Caf Mimosa for food next door is fantastic. 
The breakfast was good, the accommodation was ok, three friends sharing a room with three beds; 
I enjoy staying here very comfortable, no fuss and very helpful staff. 
Large single beds, very comfy, soft pillows, very quiet, 
Location, cleanliness, efficient staff, room facilities, 
Lovely hotel, amazing location next to st Paul's cathedral. There was a small issue, but this was very quickly resolved by very helpful manager. Would highly recommend this hotel 
Breakfast must have been included, not charged extra 
Lovely location in Kensington, very friendly staff, nice quiet room with outdoor space and the staff had excellent knowledge of the area and restaurants. 
The staff were excellent, so incredibly helpful. I was in a long deluxe room, so the size was great and good size. Bathroom too, I was given a room with an outdoor patio too unheard of in central london 
The room was super cozy and the bed was extra comfy. As soon as your turn on the TV they recieve you with jazz and blues The kitchenette was nice. 
Staff was polite and the place is clean. 
The breakfast was great great wifi and so close to one of the Merto stations. 
The room is clean and cozy good for solo traveler, Only 8 mins, walk to underground central line and 11mins walk to paddington station Good location to stay. 
Location was excellent. 
Modern quiet and comfortable 
Everything from the warm welcome we got at reception, a little gift on arrival of warm cookies and a bottle or called water. Great way to say hello, hotel is absolutely beautiful and the staff are great too. The room was amazing, lovely view of the river and loved the complimentary boat for the river crossing. Would 100 stay here again. 
All of it, staff were fantastic, got a car parking space, which is a bonus as it is first come. First served, room was clean and we had a lot of room in the room itself. Shower in bathroom was fab nice to have a decent shower in a hotel, and the food was amazing Would recommend the vouchers by a dinning voucher for 25 and get 5 free 
The views and bar area 
Good links to all of London Well stocked buffet breakfast 
Very quiet couldn't believe you were in London, Great views over the Thames 
It was very clean, nice, bathroom, Good location with restaurants around 
The staff were friendly and helpful, especially those on reception. The bed was comfy and the hotel was very clean. 
Location 
Excellent staff and location Good size room for London, Excellent cocktails. 
The Reception area was nice, cheerful and comfortable nice staff 
Location 
Great location, Lovely balcony, Friendly staff, 
Location staff room 
Staff friendly and helpful Clean with good facilities and ideal quiet location, Room perfect and really enjoyed tasty breakfast. We really enjoyed our stay. 
Amazing customer service, especially from the receptionist lea she made sure me and my friends, were looked after 
The position is excellent: Beautiful part of Paris 
The bed and bathroom 
Staff were friendly and helpful, yet discreet. Coffee was great. Food and drinks also well prepared and well presented, VERY convenient location. 
The Hotel was beautifully situated and very comfortable 
Well, appointed rooms, Good location, 
Beds were comfortable and the breakfast was convenient and good tasting Great proximity to Camden market and restaurants; Easy access to the Tube Underground 
Rooms were lovely Comfy beds and ice machine provided 
The location was excellent, The train station is close by and we were able to walk to Parliament, Big Ben Westminster, Abby and several good pubs. 
Staff were lovely, location was good, and food in the restaurant was excellent. The breakfast service was extremely well organised. 
The lobby and the seating outside 
Staff especially day time concierge were excellent. Restaurant was good and breakfast too Nice quiet street. I liked the atmosphere 
Staff very friendly and helpful Good location with a number of areas of interest in easy walking distance 
Friendilness of staff Ate breakfast out much less expensive. 
Staff were very pleasant and attentive. It did have air conditioning which pleased my husband, 
Staff, just fantastic 
Excellent customer service was a little slow on checking me in, but without any questions offered me a complimentary breakfast, Extremely welcoming staff, professional personable, Great facilities, 
Excellent staff, great location Rooms are comfortable and unique, Would highly recommend for families also 
Amazing views Quality of the rooms 
This was our first trip to London. We could not have been happier with the location. The breakfast buffet was great and was an easy convenient way to start. Each day, Though, the room was rather small, similar to NYC and par for the course in London. The bed was comfortable, room was clean and bathroom was nice. The hotel is walking distance, 1 2 minutes to Earl's court stop, We walked all over, but one of our favorite places was Holland park, which was a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The staff was really helpful and even held are bags for us after checkout until we left for the airport, We would definitely stay in this hotel location again. 
The staff reception we're awosom, especially Cami, veneza and hussain. They we're super in dealing with me and my family and tottaly happy from what I have seen from them. 
Excellent location, 5 minutes walk from Earl's Court Underground station Very friendly and helpful staff rooms are not that big, but still very comfortable. 
Staff Excellent Location Value, Restaurant 
Very friendly staff from reception throughout very attentive and helpful. We had a triple room which was excellent and roomy 
The second room we were offered 
Muy centrico'y comfortable Recomendable 
Staff were helpful Facilities were nice, Nice, complimentary snacks, 
Wonderfully spacious for London Weren't there long enough to enjoy all the hotel had to offer Would definitely return. The extra hour for check out was much appreciated. 
Location, excellent close to restaurants and theatres. 
Upon arrival, the front office manager was extremely helpful and stored. Our bags as we had arrived quite early, He mad an effort to have our room cleaned as a priority. All the reception staff were fantastic, Helpful, obliging full of information and suggestions and friendly. The included breakfast was absolutely wonderful and the staff there also were first class. The position of the hotel is second to none About 70m to Earls Court Subway, and you can easily get anywhere in London from that station. Our room was spacious, wonderfully decorated in a modern and funky way. The linen was of high quality and the bathroom was superb. 
Excellent hotel Staff was friendly and professional Will be returning. Customers 
Very helpful staff 
We found the bed to be comfy but actually very short. The breakfast was lovely. However, the lady on the restaurant was not friendly, approachable or accommodating at all. I asked if there were more fried eggs coming out. The response to my question was you do know. You have to pay extra for a cooked breakfast, To which my reply was. I asked if there were more cooked eggs coming out Before she then proceeded to answer my question. She wanted to know my room number. She then went onto say breakfast finishes at 10'o clock. I am aware of this, and this is why I came down to breakfast at 9 15am. I pointed out that I was aware of this and then went into point out that it was 9 45am and therefore it is still breakfast time At this stage I was getting most annoyed and gave her 1 final chance to ask the kitchen if more eggs were Coming out, She went and asked and then came to me with the answer and a slip of paper to sign for the additional cooked breakfast charge. The question about the additional charge was never in dispute. I just wanted an egg with my breakfast. The reception staff were lovely and very professional 
Staff is very friendly. At the first day my room was very small, but they changed it on the next day for free 
Room wasn't soundproofed as described very cosy and double bed was two singles with a double sheet. 
Haven'T had a sleep like it for a long time, the bed was sublime. 
Good location, close to Victoria Station, The staff were extremely welcoming. The room has a shabby chic style, which I personally appreciate and was clean and very comfortable. The breakfast really are seriously tasty and the dining staff couldn't do more. For me, 
Hotel and rooms nicely decorated, Very nice, breakfast Great location, just round corner from Victoria station. 
Lovely breakfast, with excellent variety in a modern setting and attentive staff, Easy quick check in and out with, thanks to the very helpful and knowledgeable reception staff, Location, fantastic, very clean area and felt safe not too far from the tube Victoria train bus station. Restaurants, bars Would definitely stay again and recommend, but top tip would be to request a lower floor. 
Super close to the coach station clean The White Company toiletries breakfast was not bad. 
Incredibly, happy with the room venue breakfast 
The Hotel was convenient very clean. The food was excellent, the staff were friendly, helpful and very polite. You really great, you can't knock it. 
The staff were lovely, but after booking I messaged the hotel through their Facebook page explaining that it was my husbands, 40th birthday surprise weekend, and could they arrange to have a bottle of champagne waiting for us in our room? I can see that they had read the message so didn't think to double check, but unfortunately they hadn't arranged this and for the cost of the room. It was extremely pokey with stains on the ceiling and urine stains all under the toilet, in the tiles 
Location 
Excellent location, friendly staff, 
Clean room location was good, but not the best in London. 
Location, modern design and decour nespresso machine Large comfortable room with great shower Very short, walking distance to bus and Metro stops with central links Across the street from Hyde Park and very pleasant walk to Museum district 
Amazing room 
I loved the quaintness of this boutique hotel. The staff were really friendly and helpful. The bedroom and bathroom were really clean. The breakfast was adequate. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to others. 
The location is great Behind you is the covent garden and the market changes every three days and you can walk to Piccadilly. Circus Metro is a walking distance. You can walk as well to charing cross station Couple of blocks away. Big Ben and Buckingham palace is not far at all by walking. 
Great location and great coffee, Some staff were friendly and helpful. Gin Bar was very nice. 
Location of the hotel, 
Hard to say, 
Location was perfect. 
The good value for money, 
The location was extremely good, The staff were very friendly and professional. The room was very nice. The bathroom was very spacious. We will certainly stay on the this hotel next time we visit Paris. I do recommend it for people who wish to visit Paris and stay closer to everything. 
Location for Olympia was perfect. Only a 5 10 minute walk away. 
The room was very comfortable, quiet and spacious. The location was fabulous. The Royal Mews were directly across the street from the front doorway of the hotel. The staff was very warm and welcoming, in particular, the Director of Bars Silviu. The Rubens was simply wonderful. 
Fantastic staff and great location 
Location is excellent, Near from underground train station and easy to go any directions. Even one train from Airport B F was good selections for UK 
Great staff friendly and helpful great room, size, cleanliness and style, etc. Very comfortable and quiet Great stay will definitely return Extremely pleased. 
Superbe location, Helpful staff, clean bathroom ensuite slippers provided comfortable temperature 
Fabulous staff so welcoming and helpful Quiet at night and early morning, despite such a central location, 
Executive room was excellent, very comfortable and clean enjoyed our stay. 
Great location in Soho 
Friendly stuff, good location, sevices and shopping is very close, unique stay. 
Good staff, Great location, Everything here, comfortable 
Close location to rail station 
Bed was really comfy and the view was outstanding. 
The breakfasts were excellent and the service'm 
The use of technology was impressive: UBS outlets using a tablet to control tv lights and room temp. The breakfast, which was extra, was very good. 
The rooms are modern and very clean, no carpet, which is nice. If you are allergic. The bar on the 7th floor offers one of my favorite views on London Tower Bridge Shard and is very nicely decorated. Overall, the public places are nice and gave me a very comfortable feeling. This time I had a room without view, but there are rooms with a beautyful view on Tower Bridge. Try to get one of those if available. 
Location and view From my bedroom window, I could see the Tower of London like a watching movie from the front row of the theatre, amazing and memorable view of London. The hotel lobby was an open space where many people are using as a meeting place. It was a different, innovative style of running hotel and i enjoyed it. 
The staff were fantastic, They clearly seemed to enjoy their work and interacting with guests. 
Great location, 
Super location, comfy, bed, clean and modern room, 
Fantastic location, modern hotel, great facilities and amazing views. 
The bed was extra comfy 
The staff were really lovely Top location down the road from Buckingham Palace and gardens Well dressed. Doormen. Add that special touch with caramels on the reception desk, a personal favourite Georgeous lobby, with a traditional feel it was my idea of what a London hotel should be that you see in the movies Breakfast was yummy too. It was the best hotel that we stayed in while on our trip. 
The service, location and friendly staff 
The hotel is conveniently located and adequate 
The rooms were clean, 
Great hospitality, All the staff were very friendly and helpful Great location too 
The room, the underground parking and that it had a restaurant bar Also the option of leaving the car in the car park till 8pm on the day of check out for a 10 fee. 
I liked everything except the bed, shower Very good value for money. 
The room was fairly spacious for London and was comfortable. The tea and coffee making facilities and free water were good. 
Location to Cambridge Heath Overground Station 
Friendly staff 
I requested a quiet room and was given one that overlooked a courtyard which was very quiet. Had 3 good nights, sleep 
The staff were amazing upon arrival, they greeted us and took our bags to our rooms. We waa upgraded to the WOW suite and it was a amazing experience. The hotel and the staff were amazing, great quality and with great amenities, local 
Very good shower Close to Metro and restaurants. 
The bedroom was beautiful, but very over priced 
All of it, Food staff room was amazing. 
The hotel is clean, nicely decorated and comfortable. The neighborhood is good and there are good restaurants and shops close by This hotel is good value for money, at least during weekends. 
Location ideal for railway station underground and shops. 
I'Ve stayed at the Millenium a lot. It'S location is perfect right in the heart of Mayfair. The club is very handy and for longer stays becomes a bit of a second home 
Every thing there 
Quiet rooms, friendly staff, 
Trendy and chic 
Service is very good, Concierge, excelllent, Very well located and comfy and modern room. The asia bar restaurant is amazing. 
Friendly staff 
The room is clean spacious, the staff is friendly and helpful. The breakfast was wonderful, 
Service first class, superb location, good quality, food, nice mix of things included in price e g, Wifi, gym pool, etc, felt well looked after good reception, very helpful, storing lugggage after checkout, so we could enjoy our last day in London. Air con in room. Welcome for unexpected warm weather, we had sweets and cold drinks on arrival in room Nice interiors, Just a very good hotel. 
The manager Savio, as well as all the staff, were excellent, Really attentive and professional Hassle, free stay and excellent value for the location. 
Elegant furnishings, but 
Good location and great staff 
Great location easy to get around Close to public parking basement. When we had a room on 7th floor, we had a great view to the roofs of Paris. 
The staff were fantastic, Lovely breakfast and afternoon tea Lovely choice of wine in the evening Excellent location. It is a small hotel with lots of charm Super place. 
The bed WAS extra comfy, The breakfast was the usual but nicely presented and tasty 
The breakfast buffet was fine and the waitresses were very helpful and polite Location of the hotel was excellent and we able to walk to most places which we wanted to visit. 
Location was great, The breakfast is very good. 
Co mfortable bed breakfast was good. Staff were helpful. 
Comfy bed good shower great breakfast 
Great location, 
Easy to get tube very close, there's a lift to the left of the steps. If you can't face the climb, Breakfast was good, though I would have liked poached, eggs or fried or boiled Hate scrambled tasteless Room was clean, comfortable 
Execellent Location, 
The staff were amazing and friendly English speaking and a pleasure 
Amazing aroma on entering and given a fantastic welcome, I felt very special and received a complimentary bottle of champagne. I will definitely stay at this property in the future. A real treat 
Nothing to write home about 
The bed is comfy and location is good, as it is near the Paddington, subway and train station. The kitchen is a bonus, as you can cook something to eat in the morning, without rushing 
Nice, modern and warm room with kitchenette, Very convinient for few nights and very well located walking distance from Paddinton and the Heathrow express and a subway station Close to the park, but not on the park. Quiet and clean neighborhood Worth paying the premium. 
The staff at reception were extremely friendly and very welcoming The breakfast room was nice and modern and looked out onto the outdoor patio area. Breakfast was excellent, especially the fruit smoothie, delicious 
Friendly and helpful reception, Free coffee, tea and biscuits in room 
Myself and my girlfriend had a wonderful overnight stay, It was a special occasion and the staff went the extra mile to ensure we were extremely well looked after The bedroom. Suite was luxurious and the hotel itself was perfect from the decor to the amenities. We could not fault it. The adjoining pub serves great beer and food. We enjoyed lunch there, the following day before departing. I have stayed in other 5 London hotels, which are pricier but did not match the level of service. We received here Excellent value for money, Highly recommended 
Such a comfortable place, our room was exceptional and the staff so very attentive. I would definitely stay again and highly recommend the hotel and their facilities. 
Good location, good connections, 
Great location with friendly staff, It's a nice hotel and clean room wifi is speed. 
Location was great for Paddington station 
Location is excellent and staf friendly and attentive. The bed was good. 
The location was perfect, the hotel was smart and clean 
Some staff very friendly sime, not Very small rooms, Very warm and no ventilation in the hall and stairways Ok to good. It has filled its purposes. 
Breakfast ok Chief was good as I had allergies. 
Modern rooms, Nice amenities, Good location, right in front of tube and 5 minutes, walk from Westminster bridge London Eye Nice area, lots of dining options within 1, 10 minutes walk Completely safe, Good breakfast choice in a rich, buffet, Good Wifi, all over the premises. 
The mattress was wonderful, 
The bed very comfy 
The mood lighting 
The swimming pool 
Swift auto check in Good bar and lounge area, Decent internet Good, shower Big towels, Excellent conveniences 
Atmosphere, modern and full of energy 
Funky hotel 
Friendly staff, Clean room, Good location, 
The design, the quality of Furnture, the roof bar 
The hospitality of the staff at this hotel far exceeded my expectations. 
Daily complimentary water, n cookies 
The location is good, 
Good location and close to everything in Paris, The staff were very helpful and friendly. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom while small was clean and nice 
The bathroom facilities having the large shower and separate bath, Excellent cleanliness throughout Extras e g, hairdryer, ironing facilities, fridge, etc. 
I liked the size of the room. It'S huge, The bed was confortable, The bathroom was great with a shower and a separate bath. Breakfast was good too 
The room was very comfortable, Even though it's close to a highway. There was no noise in the room. We had 
Location and access to Central London, Room and space 
Nothing 
Rooms were very comfortable and the service from the staff was brilliant, Plus the location is dead, set center to everything. 
The staff 
Love the area, as so close to theatres and shopping staff very helpful, have stayed 5 times and will not hesitate to book again next time. I am in London Felt very safe for ladies travelling on their own Wonderful, small spa area, which was a bonus 
Comfortable bed, nice bathroom, quiet location for central London, Really close to Covent Garden and theatre land. 
Very comfortable bed room was not huge, but big enough and a good breakfast choice. 
Everything it doesn't get much better in a city Beautiful building in a great location with high quality furnishings and the breakfast top notch. 
Everything 
Staff friendly and efficient 
Excellent bed linen 
The staff go above and beyond just amazing: 
The wonderful welcome from Saeed and Ines at the Front Desk at breakfast was the hi light of our visit. They are both fabulous and highly experienced in their London tourist knowledge. This Hotel is lucky to have them. 
Friendly staff and situated a short walk from the tube station Good value for money and a nice selection for the continental breakfast 
Needs to get rooms fixed as very worn 
Location and staff 
Staff were very attentive and the extras drinks snacks papers welcomed 
Very nice lobby area Taxis right at door for transportation, Helpful staff, Good location for circle and district lines, Beautiful top floor view of London. 
Loved loved loved the Apple TV computer, WiFi was excellent. Complimentary condiments toiletries were lovely, Cosy, pillows. All the staff were friendly and looking to help anyway. They could 
Excellent location, very chic, hotel Staff were very friendly and helpful Room was a little smaller than expected, but a small price to pay for a great hotel and Cool sky bar would definitely return. 
Location good, easy to walk to river and tube stations. 
Great location for sightseeing and ease of access to the underground 
Great range of dishes at breakfast Really good, shower Comfy beds. Overall, we where well received and nothing any trouble for any member of staff. 
Very service minded staff, Excellent breakfast Close to subway 
Breakfast is absolutely lovely. 
Location, great Staff, great Clean hotel, 
Excellent location, tucked away on a quiet street about 2 blocks from Notre Dame Cathedral Food options, all around Great walking to everything, including transit Room, was small for Americans, but great use of space design, including high ceilings, Felt luxurious and classy Staff was always accommodating. Definitely recommend and would use again 
It was within walking distance of the Arc de Triomphe 
I regret not to have been proposed: their special eggs, cooking 
Very comfortable beds, 
This hotel comes with a complimentary cell phone. I was blown away. It allowed us to use GPS through the city, access restaurant reviews and place reservations. It also helped us translate some English to French and navigate the city. Also, the hotel is beautiful, Would definitely book again. 
Location 
The bed was very comfortable 
The bed was very comfortable, The staff were welcoming and professional 
Helpful staff 
The rooms were clean and location was easy access, 15 mins via heathrow express, and there are a lot of buses to ride on going to oxford, st picadilly, etc. 
Friendly staff, clean quality of room nice breakfast 
Brilliant location, A cupboard in the corridor from where guest could help themselves to refills of all beverages and bathroom accessories. An ice machine and a chilled water machine in the corridor was a really bonus, Very quiet, considering the location 
The staffs are considerate for the customers. 
The location is amazing, straight out into the heart of London. 
Polite staffs 
Shocking Overpriced and very badly cooked Everything, overcooked dried out, Fried eggs, burnt, Scrambledd eggs, a hard mess, No muesli, Only one juice grim, looking croissants Had a better fresh breakfast, with full choices and fresh croissants and pastries. My room was totally unsuitable for self catering II. Warmed up lasagne in the MW oven and despite the aircon being on full blast. Two days later, my room still stank of food, Bad, Very, very cramped and uncomfortable reception and office area, Unsuitable for business and no confidentiality Suitcases hand, lugagge and backpacks all over the place, and only one 2 seater couch in the marble foyer to sit and await car Collection or to meet friends, I would never try to have a business meeting in my room in this hotel or invite a business guest to have a meal with me in the hotel restaurant 
All facilities and staff made it a very pleasant weekend. They even lent us an umbrella when we found it was raining and hadn't brought our own 
I don't have anything positive to stay, because the commencement ruined the whole stay 
Gluten free options at breakfast: 
Fantasticly positioned for the heart of Paris, Quirky, friendly and so very helpful. Nothing was too much trouble. Even order for flowers, not too much trouble. Noemie was a star Would come back time and time again. 
Best hotel I've stayed in in the UK. I particularly loved the staff, their willingness to help you even at silly'o clock in the morning. 
Outstanding breakfast 
We liked everything about the Wesley Hotel from the location to the very comfortable bed. The bedding was obviously of a high standard. The breakfast was very good with plenty of choice. 
Onglet steak is definitely something to try. 
Loved everything, Although very busy a safe environment, Helpful pleasant staff, Great vibe, Cafe, staff in am very helpful. 
The location was the main thing, Then there was all the amenities around i e shops, pubs and restaurants. I wanted somewhere close to Hammersmith Apollo 
Funky hotel in a great location, walking distance from Farringdon close to St Paul's and Shoreditch Free tea and coffee machine on every floor. Modern interior comfy beds, nice and light with big windows. 
Compact and well designed triple room catered well for 3 people. 
Breakfast is great: We enjoyed the various choices, both cold and hot dishes. 
The location was fabulous, 5 mins from all the nightlife and entertainment. The breakfast was nice and the bed was very, very comfortable. 
The hotel was super comfortable, Clean, New, Fresh cozy, Very frienly staff. We thoroughly enjoyed a super quiet room even being in the ground, florr room. They also accomodated our request to stay for a super late check out at additional rate, which is fair, but they were fully booked and still found a solution. It really helped a lot. 
Great hotel, The price is fare, The location is good, The staff is very polite and helpful. I will come back. 
The location was excellent and the staff very helpful 
The beds were comfy and the view from the window was an unexpected bonus. 
Near tube 
Great location, 
Great location and service definitely recommended 
The bed is super comfy and the fact that it's just few steps from champs elysees 
The bar area and reception were fantastic martini bar was great for meeting friends. The hotel reception smelt amazing and the staff were ultra helpful. The facilities were very good and location. Great 
The bed was huge, staff were lovely even offering to take a photo for me and my daughter when she was stood in reception. The offer of children eating free was a bonus as it was raining on the evening. So we didnt need to go out. 
Very close to the tube station Friendly staff, Very nice rooms, 
For the money it was average 
Location, great Staff, friendly 
En god, frukost att starta dagen med, 
Very friendly and helpful staffs Big rooms, 
All Hilton amenities were good, excepting Executive, Lounge, 
The location was ideal and the facilities were excellent, It was very clean. Housekeeping came everyday 
I am sure I would have loved to stay in this hotel, However, because of traffic, we never got there in time to use our reservation Until next time. It is only a mirage of the mind. 
Friendly and helpful staff good breakfast 
The bed, so ever so comfy room service was superb shower facilities, where, above and beyond, and an excellent surprise that the room had a safe and english channels would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. 
The canal view 
Great handy location, A short walk from the train, tram and bus station 
All was great, with one exception: 
The room was really nice. 
Beautiful modern hotel, Great swimming pool on the roof and great view of Barcelona City, But drink was a bit expensive and male staff in bar was not helpful. Waited over 15 mins for drinks, Sofa bed was a bit uncomfortable for two kids could have done with a proper beds, But great location across from big shopping. Mall MacDonalds Burger King, but avoid Mussol restaurant food very disappointing Taxi approx, 15 mins to La Ramblas, around 15. Euro'S for four City bus tour across from hotel 39 per adult and 20 for kids under 10 for two days worth it for two days, even to use as transport in and out Hard Rock in Centre fabulous food, but book expensive, but worth it. 
Nice beds and silent The kids, 10 and 13 years old liked the shoppingcenter that was within a few minutes walk from the hotel. I liked the yoga class under the sky roof top 
The rooms were much larger than I had expected, which was a pleasant surprise and was very clean and nicely decorated, Good breakfast, buffet and great location. I would stay there again. 
Great staff Excellent during Check in and check out Very helpful to call a cab, etc. Great customer service 
Loved our room with the balcony Staff were great. Very attentative Did their utmost to make our stay. Wonderful. 
The staff at the hotel were amazing from the moment we got there to the moment. We left Very helpful and spoke English very well As it was our first time in Barcelona. The man behind the reception gave us helpful information on which Metro's to get where and a map of Barcelona. We got a smaller room than we were supposed to because we wanted to check in early, but this was still a great size and was immaculate Air conditioning. In the room was great, and so was the free wifi which was available anywhere in the hotel. There is a Metro stop right outside the hotel, which was great when travelling to the Gothic Quarter and a lovely bakery right next door. I would definitely recommend this hotel 
The staff is so friendly and they are very well dressed and clean Me and my mom stayed. One night then went somewhere else for the week and the entire time wished. We stayed at this place. 
The hotel was perfect, clean and tidy all the time staff were friendly and always there to help. 
Most things were good, especially breakfast 
It was at nice location nearby, the metro station 
Friendly staff, nice, clean rooms, 
Reception staff service, good 
Nothing Horrible hotel and horrible service 
Nice staff Very good breakfast fresh juice, Big bed and very good mattress, Very clean 
Loved everything, Great location, super clean, friendly staff, 
Bed, comfortable Breakfast serving area messy and inadequately filled General everyday items not available, not value for money. 
Staff very courteous and helpful Clean comfortable room 
Amazing breakfast 
Great hotel for single travelers, You can always find someone to hangout with near by the pool. 
This hotel has a perfect central location, the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, and the room was very clean and of superb quality, with a really comfy bed. 
Location, Lots of restaurants nearby, but the hotel was quiet Area was lively, but not just full of tourists. 
Very conveniently situated near town and hospital, where my husband was staying Very reasonable. 
Burger was good, 
The location was good with authentic restaurants, nearby 
Room we were initially given was tiny bed against the wall and we couldn't even pass each other. I complained got a free upgrade, but looking at the advertised standard double room pic, it was by no means an upgrade after requesting change. This was immediate effect. Only drawback was that the Windows were not double glazed and there must be been. A staff entrance below us view was an alley, as the beeping entry system and chatting was quite loud, also sounded like a building site nearby. However, this did not spoil our stay and we would return to Thistle, lovely staff, fab location, 
Location was good staff very friendly and very responsive, Easy check in and check out Can't fault. The service provided by reception staff, as it was excellent Room, was tidy, not very good looking, but for someone who needs to get some sleep should be enough. If you're looking for some luxury or contemporary style, then do not book standard double, as you might be. Dissapointed 
The bedroom was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was good value. Scrambled eggs were delicious If staying in London, I would definitely stay there again. 
Not much 
Great location and nice modern hotel, Friendly staff, 
Stunning views from the room over the city, great breakfast and dinner: Very nice pool Very quiet area. 
Location and pool 
Breakfast was really good, hotel staff was very accommodating, and property was updated, Had USB plugs readily available. In addition to power outlets, 
Quiet excellent food in the restaurant excellent service throughout good choice at breakfast: lovely pillows, clean beautiful, decor, relaxing atmosphere, 
We chose the hotel based on location as we wanted to source items from the showrooms in the design centre. Next door Room was good value for London, given the separate sitting area, etc. Handy for King's Road, restaurants, etc. Ritorno 5 mins by taxi, very good, modern, Italian 
Decent breakfast nice choice of drinks, 
The room was clean and the bed was comfy. The room, however, is every outdated and needs modernising 
The mirrors everywhere Loved the breakfast and the blonde lady in the mornings. We also recieved a complimentary cava, as it was our anniversary, which was surprisingly and very nice. Cleaner was very thorough and I have no real complaints're. The room. 
Welcoming staff clean, modern room, great location, 
The staff, The location and proximity to shops and the central station 
The hotel is beautiful. We had a huge room, Separate area for doing work at a table. While the girlfriend can sleep longer In the bedroom part. There were shades that made it so dark in the room. We thought the sun hadn't come up, The bathroom was gorgeous and HUGE. The staff was nice, The breakfast was great, The location to the Duomo Cathedral and the famous shopping center is very good. A few minutes away. 
Good location, 
Nicely decor 
Well, kept with good amenities. 
At the heart of the city, 
Great location within 5mins walk from Metro train station Next door to Ajax Stadium. My second time staying at this hotel, so it must be good. Hotel is very modern, with lots of high tech features. Breakfast is good with plenty on offer. Hotel bar and restaurant is also very good with a nice selection of beers, etc. There are plenty of nice restaurants near by, and also an excellent IMAX Cinema. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. Looking for a quality, mid range option. 
Room is spacious for Amsterdam standards with bathrobes slippers, occitane toiletries, 
The bed was very comfy: The staff pleasant, The breakfast good, but pricey Good location, 10 15 mins, walk to museums. My second visit to hotel and I would go again 
The hotel is located in a nice highrise tower which creates stunning views of the city. The 57th floor is a great place to spend your time overlooking the city. The room was quite comfortable and spacious LEVEL. Room Couldn't find much of the English language channels, but that is not of a concern. The hotel staff is very friendly and prepared everything that I wished for flowers, champagne, Sacher cake, 
Great balcony, with amazing views, Modern spacious, room, Nice, location, close to town but more local, feel 
Mum teen daughter trip The hotel is a little different being in an apartment block, but it's pretty cool having glass walkways between areas. Rooms were modern, clean, comfortable cool glass, bathrooms, robes and free beer juice in the minibar. Also, a good coffee machine with various teas, too Staff really friendly, allowed us to leave our bags when we checked out. So we could tour unhindered until our taxi Great area too, their breakfast looked lovely, but we went to nearby Mook Pankakes instead. Also, the Food Hall is nearby again lovely food. You feel more, like you are getting a feel for real Amsterdam staying here, rather than right in the centre, but still close enough to walk to everything, Museums, canal trips, 9 streets, a must, if you are female into shopping at all, A little research on the area Is needed as there's some great places nearby 
Great location and very close to the Plaza 24 hour snack bar is nice. 
A very comfortable and generally well maintained room. The restauarant was value for money and bothy breakfasts and evening meals were full of choice and generally good quality, Handy for train and tube services to Central London. 
Great quality hotel in a convenient location, Excellent food and room Facilities, although not used, were very good. 
Th e bed was so comfy and big staff. Great, would recomend 
It was clean and the staff were very nice, helpful and ready to help attitude. 
The bed was really comfy, 
Staff are friendly and helpful Location is good, Convenient 
Good breakfast Loved the fish nice walk beside it along the river Staff. Very friendly Hot cookies were lovely 
I liked the location of the hotel, For example, on a Dockland footpath, All in a relaxed area. I liked the little things as well like the Earl Grey tea in the rooms. The view of the Docklands water outside from the restaurant Good food, Free parking and no hassle with the car is fantastic, Didn't see any ticket wardens or receive any fines. Nice bar area for a pint of beer, Lovely rooms with a view Nice staff at reception, Brilliant hotel for the meeting in the Excel 
The location to the DLR for access to the city and Geenwich 
Great location, 
I absolutely loved my stay and will be returning very soon as it was my birthday and was treated amazingly 
Breakfast was very good, bed was comfortable view, was amazing. 
The location is very cozy, neighborhood, make sure to detour around the area while walking towards the Amstel station. The room size is pretty satisfying. A selection of tea and coffee is great. The bed is very comfy. I got the view of the canal at the back of the hotel right in front of a big tree, so a little privacy from pedestrians, No noisy AC, very much satisfied because I'm a very light sleeper, but the walls are a bit thin. The breakfast ordered is taken at the seat from 7 11am Great portion and good taste Had egg Benedict French toast with strawberry jam and English breakfast. The staffs are very welcoming. Hotel'S deco is unique with a lot of accents. Overall, it made my impression of Amsterdam very memorable 
Great style very clean, The room was excellent and done with taste and very clean, Really enjoyed the top breakfast with service and fresh food, unlike so many 4 and 5 star hotels that serve buffet like a canteen with poor ingredients. 
When we first arrived at this hotel, we were concerned, as it was out of town and seemed very plain from the outside, But after staying there for 5 nights, we would never stay anywhere else. In Amsterdam The room was clean, quiet and very comfortable. The complimentary breakfasts are amazing. We also ate dinner at the restaurant two nights and the food is fantastic. Also, the location turned out to be just fine as it's just a long block walk to the Amstel station, where you can catch trains, the Metro, trams and buses. Finally, the best part of the hotel is the staff they would do anything for us. They explained public transportation and recommended fantastic restaurants where they made us reservations. 
Very clean and perfect breakfast 
Fabulous hotel to stay at Breaksfast was so tasty. All staff were friendly and helpful at all times Would highly recommend staying here. 
Perfect breakfast Perfect hospitality, clean and quiet 
They upgraded us to a suite 
Great location, near everything, but a very quiet street we slept with the windows. Open Rooms, are a good size for London and are nicely decorated. We had a great nights, sleep Staff really go above and beyond and are very friendly, Gorgeous little pub downstairs. Wood panelling and big comfy chairs 
Its very convinient for public transport, you have all options 5, mins away. There is also a mall in the Espanya squre, with food and restaurant, Very good area and direct transport from airport with A1 or A2 stops there. Room has air conditioning. That is a must in a hot city as Barcelona. 
Excellent location away from busy Street but close enough to walk Excellent pool and really friendly and helpful staff. 
Stuff 
Excellent location very close to the Metro, Friendly staff, clean 
The rooms were very clean and modern. Having a balcony was a great added extra and the roof top bar was brilliant. 
Great location, Hotel staff and evening happy hours were excellent. 
Good sized room and connecting room Central location, Friendly staff, Helpful concierge for restaurant reservations, 
The bed the shower the fact that they always left fresh water, The coffee shop, restaurant and lounge area, There's a delightful outdoor area on the roof for light meals and drinks. The food in the restaurant and the roof is excellent. 
Bigger room than before Daily room service Near many shops, 
Great location for an event in Hyde Park, 
Excellent service we were able to check in early The location was perfect, easy access to all amenities. 
The location was excellent, rieally good next to Oxford Street 
The only thing I liked was the location. The hotel lobby is impressive. 
Honestly, the location was perfect Luxury shopping all around you close to many of our favorite restaurants in the city, Walking distance to Buckingham Palace. The hotel staff were so friendly. Attentive Facilities were excellent, Also make sure to have a drink at the hotel bar 
Location and room 
Staff were very helpful. Food was lovely 
Good breakfast 
Beautiful hotel with a georgeus garden, They upgraded us to larger room with a garden view. Room 2 Breakfast was very nice with good selection. The tables were set with linens and fresh roses. 15 minutes by bus to city center. Bus stop right across the street Would definitely recommend this hotel Personnel very helpful. 
Room beds, lovely ice machine avialble, accomodating staff who lent us an adaptor, lovely hot stines, massage great pool nice walk through Vondel park to museum atea from hotel, 
Gracious staff, great accommodations, warm welcoming library, with bar coffee, available Located in quiet area close to markets, cafe 
Excellent breakfast and open bar Staff very helpful and nice Great hotel, 
The option to personalise your room scent at turndown, The building is beautiful and the room was excellent, made even better by the complimentary pillow menu for a perfect night's sleep. The free bike rental is also a great plus 
Nice nearby 
Overall, a nice hotel for a good price 
The room was big and neat: we had a little kitchen area with fridge. Also The wifi was great and the bathroom very clean and with all the necessities There is a bus 360 near the hotel. That brings you in the center in 15 minutes or less 
Great hotel very clean good value for money; 
Not much 
Bed is extra, comy staff is super friendly, close to schewedenplatz room was really clean. 
It'S very new, modern and accommodating with excellent facilities. 
It was Nice in the centrum and we ask for baby bed and we get it shower, and rooms are very good internet also Hotel, clean and beautiful 
They upgraded me to a suite which was gorgeous The hotel and facilities are beautiful. I was very surprised, as it was at a much higher standard than hotels in the area which are not much cheaper. The location is very nice and in a good place for the station or Danzigerkade, where I was working, I didn't get a chance to go, but there is a Bagel and Beans across the road and I love that place. 
Amazing, London, location, walking, distance to Fulham, Road and and it's eateries, pubs, etc. Plus the area is not too busy Easy to drive to. We came from Hampshire and pretty much missed all the London traffic on the way in Very comfy hotel. We had 2 double beds in our room and quite a nice view from the room. Welcome cookie upon arrival. Nice touch, 
Supreme location for museum and gallery visiting quiet, clean, safe and charming Very comfortable, and everything worked really well. 
Staff, member that welcomed us couldn't of been more friendly, Others weren't as but I suppose we all have different personalities. He made sure we had a room with a view which was very pleasant. 
Was clean and staff were friendly? 
Nothing 
Good location, 
That the mini bar is free and always refilled everyday. The room is huge with the ceilings too high. Those who are claustrophobic will have no problem. There are two lifts. Easy to go to room and go out of the hotel Shower is in the room Better for couples, but not for friends and others. Sharing one room as you can see, the person taking a bath Toilet is in a separate room, really nice and clean Loved. The bed Near the Rathaus train station 
Good breakfast Free minibar, 
Cleanliness 
All things here are good. 
Modern hotel with well designed rooms that are different from your standard 4 start hotel, Great shower and comfortable bed. Nice detail. All floors have a different design. The rooftop bar is an excellent place to have a drink in the evening. It'S a 1km walk to the beach and the hotel will provide you with towels. There is also a shopping mall close by where you can get your Starbucks in the morning or go to one of the bakery's in the neighborhood for a more authentic breakfast 
They rooms were cleaned perfectly very quickly. 
Location is the best 
Staff very friendly and helpful Glutenfree and lactosefree food items in stock. The double room was spacious and stylish. 
The hotel is VERY well located within a 10 minute, walk from the train from the airport and within walking distance of most major tourist attractions in Vienna. The accomodations were excellent, the breakfasts great, with eggs prepared to order and much more and the staff very helpful, especially Marcus, who was at the desk A Great place to stay 
Good location, comfort, room 
Location is very good. 
Beautiful hotel and great location 
Good location, free wifi, friendly, helpful staff, 
Comfortable clean accommodation, Excellent breakfast plenty of choice: 
Staff were very helpful, especially when my husband was feeling unwell the next morning Very accommodating 
Great breakfast and friendly staff 
Clean room and bathroom nice breakfast and friendly staff 
Excellent hotel in a great location, for all that wonderful Vienna has to offer Value for money Would definitely return on our next visit. Lots of great restaurants, nearby 
Quirky designs for the rooms, location, professionalism of staff, 
Very comfy and friendly 
Staff were very accomodating extra pillows, towels chairs, Nice bar good room service On the tram line and a few blocks out of the noise of downtown 
This hotel is in a great location: It's within close walking, distance of nice, restaurants, shopping museums and public transportation. The staff is professional, friendly and helped us with all of our needs. The lobby has a nice atmosphere with a bar and plenty of sofas to lounge in The AC worked great, which was such a relief from the July heat. I would stay here again in a heartbeat 
The staff were so nice and the breakfast was delicious and our bed was super big and super comfortable. 
Location Comfort, 
Reception, excellent greeting 
The room, the large bed, the breakfast, the cleanliness of the hote, the quantity of refreshments, having a bottle of water provided and location of the hotel and to transport. 
The rooms were decorated beautifully and the breakfast room was great. 
Always room at breakfast 
Coffee machine in bedroom, alongside kettle plus air conditioning and balcony 
The staff were great, very helpful and courteous Great location, close to transport and eateries 
Our room had been renovated and redecorated, and although the room was compact, it was very well designed and laid out and had everything we needed. The bathroom was great and the shower fantastic. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. We had a great view over London and Hyde Park was opposite. The tube was right around the corner, with great access for the bus as well. A thoughtful bonus was a gift of guest of the day of an afternoon tea for two with a glass of champagne. The afternoon tea was delicious with a great variety of teas. I had never heard of a delightful experience. I will definitely stay there next time I am in London. 
The staff were so accommodating, especially the restaurant. The room was so clean, spacious and modern. Our suite can accommodate us all good for four person. 
Staff was helpful, especially CARMEN. I guess she is the breakfast manager or supervisor plus the 5 or 6 deferent verify of croissant in the breakfast 
The 100 deposit for a bike was a bit steep apart from that all good 
Lovely hotel, great location with tram, stop right outside 
Didn'T have breakfast 
Great selection of foods for breakfast 
The room was clean and comfortable with a window overlooking the street. The lobby decor was interesting. A couple sidewalk cafes and a grocery were very close. The staff was friendly and very helpful, While not in the center of things. Metro stops were 4 5 blocks away, allowing access to pretty much anywhere 
Cool vintage style in the middle of the museum quarter: metro station 350mt awesome, rooftop bar good restaurant 
Comfy bed and menu food and service in the restaurant was excellent. Staff were polite, helpful and courteous the bar next door. The Kuiper was excellent, also and very handy for a 3am finish Would definitely recommend and stay again, although a little bit pricey not best located, although tram line is on your doorstep, and taxi was E60 each way from airport 
Small single beds not queen size, cosy, though 
Location: ok, 
Quiet room, Clean Friendly staff, 
Although typical London rooms are on the small size, but bathroom very nice with separate bath, tub and walk in shower Everything very clean and maids are good, but unobtrusive Turn down service. If you want it, AC works. Well, Generally, a nice boutique atmosphere. We know London well, This location is very good. We love sophisticated Marylebone, High St with all the restos shops, etc. If you love books, visit Daunt on the High St Quite an icon For fish, go to Fishworks restaurant Try to get into the Marylebone back streets. Lots of atmosphere, Maybe touristy, but if you like, the world famous shops and business of Oxford St, it is a stone's throw away. 
Clean friendly comftable bed 
Everything was great: we loved it Location of the hotel, our room, the staff 10 10, We'll be booking this hotel in the future. For sure 
Location transport tickets, room 
Staff were lovely and very helpful. The accomodation was lovely and in a great location, 
Friendly and helpful staff Rooms were very clean and modern. 
Very large rooms, with all what you need 
Treat the hotel staff with us was so kindly and friendly specially from the alexsandra 
Nothing 
Located close to eateries 
Bed should be double for family instead of 2 single beds. 
Near to train station 
Excellent location Rooms are amazing, Very comfortable 
Extra attention when calling front desk Check in Check out very efficient and friendly 
The concierge was very accommodating and hospitable. 
Staff very helpful 
Hotel was faultless, lovely staff and beautiful room with flawless views Would definitely stay again. 
Everything Staff was great, so was decor. Food location Definitely will stay there again. 
1, The staff was unfailingly professional and pleasant 2. L, Europe's location at the tip of a point around which Amsterdam's many wonderful canals circle, is wonderful for walking our way to see any city. Cycling, almost all of Amerstam seems to cycle and canal boating. 
Great great location, def walkable from train station Amsterdam was amazing, wished I stayed longer. 
Great location, great service, great room, great food, 
Great Location, 
The place was wonderful staff really helpful. We were given a really bad room at the beginning, with no light small and with a problem in the bathroom, but they changed our room to a really nice one. The next day, 
The bed was extremely comfortable and a great shower awesome, location, 
Great spacious, comfortable rooms, 
Nice coffee, drawer, large room, Nice, furnitures, v, g, airconditioning, 
Nice location, Great bars, 
Very nice staff, one of the biggest room I've ever been in hotel, clean and quiet room. All hygiene supplies in bathroom Easy to park right in front of the hotel for free Near by U bahn 20min to the center 
The staffs are quite friendly and helpful. The outdoor pool of hotel is very good and clean. Also, the hotel is located in a nice area with an easy access to the beach and tourist attractions. 
Great breakfast helpful staff, convenient location for sights and close to restaurants, enjoyable concert on Sunday, 
Very good located hotel with pleasant and calm terrace good, located hotel with pleasant and calm terrace for some rest. After a busy day with nice view over harbour and Barcelonnette, The swimming pool is more a big bath, but Ok to refresh yourself Rooms. Are nice clean, big enough for 2 person good bed and have all needed facilities While the front rooms have a nice view on the harbour? It is a little noisy from the street. We had a superior room on the back of the hotel connected with an internal open area, very quiet room. The breakfast is relative, expensive, but very good Everything. What is available is not visible, but the waitress is very helpful with informing you what you can get For sure we will come back. 
Barcelona, as a city 
The smell as you walk in the hotel, The sound isolation in the room. You hear nothing: The unbelievable attention to details Extraordinary, friendly staff all over the place, The seating area at the rooftop, Every single thing in this place, I've never loved any place. Like I loved the Serras 
The staff are super friendly and knowledgeable Languages, places, etc. The roof top terrace is amazing, Lots of fun and great drinks. 
Excellent staff and beautiful hotel 
The restaurant deserves a few Michelin stars. The hotel and location is stunning. 
The pool was lovely and great restaurants and shopping just across the road, so you can eat out at different places or breakfast over there. If you don't want to pay 25 a day. The pool is owned by a different company, but f, you are a hotel guest. You can have one of the 10 E beds, but remember you can swim and sit on the sofas if you don't want to pay that each day, 
The bedroom was perfect, so clean Loved. All the extra touches fold down bed cover every night with a chocolate, fresh bottle of water. Every day fresh rose in bathroom cumfy bath, robe and slippers friendly staff. The best was been given a phone so you've wifi everywhere. You go in city COOL. My stay was splendid and worth the price 
Nothing special 
Centeral Location, spaceous, room wifi, 
Perfect location near to Westbahn and close to all public transport 
The decor and ambiance Staff are wonderful, 
Location cleaning staff 
Breakfast very good Bed: fine 
Everything was perfect, The staff location was exceptional and super clean rooms. 
Good location couple of minutes waking to the central station Comfortable bed, Clean room, Very good TV channels, never seen these paid channels in any other 4 stars hotel in Italy, Good, sound isolation, 
I liked the overall layout of the hotel. I liked the whole funky feel to the hotel, As well as the location being close to the Station. 
Met our expectations Close to cruise terminal, Very friendly staff, 
Highly recommended superb clean rooms with a nice roof top with a pool over looking the sea 
The spa and breakfast were pretty good. 
Location staff - and we also got an amazing upgrade to wow suite 
I thought the hotel was fantastic. The staff was very helpful. 
Excellent 
The location for this hotel is fantastic Opposite the majic fountains, The Aerobus to and farm El Prat airport stops directly outside and is only 5 90 and runs every 10 minutes. You couldn't get a better location, as the Placa Espanya is one of the main routes into the City. I have to say Cristina on reception, was so helpful and helped us so much 
The pool and terrace 
The rooms are clean, tidy and comfortable. The only problem which is very minor is that there is no milk for coffee tea in the room. This may have something to do with temperature. One needs to go to the restaurant. For a cup of the same. The breakfast is superb all round, with great choices, to serve all and again, very clean and well laid out. The staff are really professional in all aspects of the hotel business. This is the fifth time we have used the Hotel, whilst in Barcelona travelling through to the South 
Close location to train station 
Bed very comfortable room, spacious, Helpful staff, 
I loved everything about the ned 
Amazing property, beautiful elegant and a lot of fun would stay again in a heartbeat rooftop made it 
Impressive design and amenities Hotel staff were fantastic. 
The bed was very comfy and lovely toiletries in the room. Nice historical building, The grill restaurant - was very nice. Although too expensive, Some of the staff were very nice, but are the exception not the norm? 
Loved the food, brilliant choice of restaurants and bars, The attention to detail in the decor was stunning: It was a treat to stay in The Ned Staff were warm and friendly. We really enjoyed our weekend. The indoor pool hammam, sauna and steam room was a lovely way to unwind after sightseeing 
The bars were lovely 
Good one stop entertainment venue, 
Just overall stunning, in every way, 
The service is excellent, breakfast is delicious and the hotel is wonderful. 
The hotel was amazing, Nice all white rooms. The Das LOFT restaurant is amazing. 
Staff was very pleasant, especially Peter, who is the first person you see getting of your taxi and when you are leaving the hotel for your city, tour 
Very nice stay great location, 
Location due to inward journey, Very nice breakfast Comfortable beds, 
Huge window, huge bed free movies, including XXX, Goes with the transparent, shower and translucent toilet Everything you need on a short trip: Quality products, cosmetics, furnishing, Quick self check in and check out And lovely messages everywhere And eco friendly. The best way I saw for reducing unnecessary towel cleaning the 10 euro cupon 
Bed was good central location near WTC, nice bar 
Hotel and room modern and update facilities, Helpful and very friendly staff. Nice walk through local park to hotel Metro close by Clean 
Big comfortable beds, Great Price, Near Metro, Stop The staff were friendly and helpful Great terrace room 
Efficient friendly and unobtrusive first class service, Good soundproofing 
Wonderful bedroom with huge amount of space Bathroom was fantastic. Executive room gave us free, mini bar and other extras. 
Just so disappointed 
Burgers 
The location of the hotel is great: staff are friendly, wide room with a comfortable bed. Room includes ironing facilities. Everything in fridge is free and is filled daily. Tea and coffee breakfast is good as well will definitely come back again. 
An old building very nicely renovated and decorated like an historical stage. Location is very close to city centre near Concertgebouw and museum district Rooms are spacey and very comfortable. 
Location 
Good location for O2 right by the Emirates, cable, car, 
The view from the room was beautiful, the staff was friendly and hotel was really clean, great location, 
We received a beautiful room based on my special requests for quiet and distance from the elevator. The staff were incredible and early check in was such a fantastic bonus, Clean and Wonderful hotel 100, going back for another relaxing and peaceful stay. 
Excellent location, Spacious, room for 3 adults, Breakfast with good quality and variety 
Excellent location, Curtural landmarks and attractions within walking distances Fresh breakfast with good quality, Friendly hotel, staffs, Prompt and sincere response to requests Good amenities in the room; Spacious room for 3 adults. 
The location is perfect, 
Hotel, brilliant location and great value for money overall, very pleased. 
Great location near to Tube station for all of central London attractions and Kensington High Street, so no need to pay for expensive food in hotel, Clean and comfortable room, Easy reach from Paddington, and our cases were kept safe in the hotel on the last day. So we could explore more of London before returning home 
Great position: walk to Kensington Palace Hyde Park, close to station buses, Helpful staff, great amenities, comfortable good size rooms, 
The position and restaurant selections were great and the club lounge provided a nice space for happy hour or just a quiet space. During the day, Staff were good and the stay was trouble. Free, 
Nice small hotel, 
Lovely decor in the room and the bed was extremely comfortable. 
Breakfast was amazing: 
Everything was great Good stuff, Delicious breakfast Clean rooms, 
Location is perfect and the Sch nbrunn park is amazing. 
Friendly staff, good breakfast clean 
Very helpful staff, great service, 
Breakfast 
Food staff, big rome, location, clean 
Horrible layout of rooms, staf are not helpful and have zero comunication skills and condesending to muslims. Never seen such staff. This hotel deserive a 0 star with the horrible staf and room layout. 
Nice design style and overall, pretty boutique hotel 
Staff was very friendly and helpfull Airco worked very well as well as WIFI. 
Everything was perfect, The hotel is centrally located and a walking distance from the city center. The staff are simply amazing and extremely helpful. The room was spacious, very clean and comfortable 
The balcony was amazing: the staff was very friendly, helpful. The eggs omelette is perfect in the morning felt like home with my twins. The location is simply outstanding. Infront of the Danube river, all the restaurants shops around So pleasant, 
Clean Very nicely stocked Had everything Loved bathroom Needs wash cloths for face. 
Decorations, 
Location 
Excellent location, 
Close to a number of cheap shops, 
Near office, good restaurants, nearby near tube stations, 
Friendly and helpful staff, Modern hotel, Good location, Great value for money, Excellent breakfast with vast choice; 
Bed very comfortable, big room and plenty of space for luggage. 
Amazing view on 14th floor Briliant service staff and food 
Location 
Accomadation and staff 
The room was lovely, very clean and modern, nice large bed and the nespresso machine was a nice touch too. 
Atencion de todop, el personal 
The location of the hotel is really good, as you have plenty of tourist attractions around and some very nice restaurants. 
Hotel was clean, all services available. You can expect from a hotel of this size, very good breakfast buffet with fresh made omlettes Spectacular view to the bridge from our room. 
Great location, convenient and say to park not in congestion zone 
Large bed 
The room was large enough and practical 
Nice, hotel, good, helpful staff, great peaceful location, nr bus stop, which gets into the centre in only 15 minutes Beautiful scenery along the way. The Dutch people most helpful Had a fab time. 
Location was awesome, Cleaning crew did a great job Front. Desk staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Very close to museums, restaurants, bars trams, 
Very advanced tv, good, shower soup quality, very good Super close to museums, food areas, 
Friendly staff Old fashioned hotel with impeccable cleanliness, 
Main reason for wanting to stay there was next door to tube and Trafalgar Square Couldn't have been happier I'll stay there again. I wasn't able to try restaurant, but I had room service and the food was delicious. 
The hotel is brilliant, we had a terrace, The area is very relaxing A nice community. The staff were amazingly helpful. A cinema is 20 yards away. There is a market there once a week. I shall try to stay there. Every time I go to London, It was like living in London. Staying there. The room was very modern and well designed. I have never raved so much about a hotel before Please stay there. If you can 
Almost perfect 
Nice, clean and big rooms, charming staff, just a few steps from Parter and from the subway 
Camp nou is just outside the door. 
Cleanliness of the room and facilities 
It was a really nice stay at NH, Amsterdam, Zuid. The staff are extremely helpful and friendly with special thanks to Roxanne, who was very informative. I just wished that the hotel had allowed early check in without a charge like most hotel, especially since the room was already available. Very convenient 10 mins, walk to tram and metro, which went into Central and within walking distance to a new Geraldplien shopping mall. With lots of restaurants, unfortunately, we only discovered on our last day Also within walking distance to Amstel Park, which was great for kids. 
We loved The Square Milano Duomo hotel Found it on Booking com, didn't know a thing about it and we were thrilled Building recently renovated from apartments to hotel, modern trendy handy to all the sights 10 minute. Walk to fabulous. Duomo Great Find Service was helpful and friendly. Breakfast was fantastic and ambience perfect, Very hard to find a hotel of this standard for such a fair price. 
Location and staff 
The location is great and the spa, sauna and gym facilities were nice. 
Welcome drinks wereva nice touch, 
Good value for money, Central location, Good amenities in the bathroom Spanish brand Ritual, Comfortable, pillows, 
Breakfast and location, very good, Friendly staff, but not high performing in terms of making sure the room is in perfect shape. 
Location, excellent 
A beautiful hotel with a perfect location, All main sights within walking distance Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was always fresh with a good variety to choose from Enjoyed the view from the roof. Terrace 
Great staff, Great location, Good breakfast, Free android, mobile phone in the room for personal use; 
The room was quite clean: staff was ok, 
The beds and the air conditioner were very good. 
Breakfast was very good, especially sushi rolls. The design of the public areas was modern and stylish. The reception staff were very friendly. 
Coffee was very good: sufficient choice of cereals, fruit and yogurt 
Breakfast was good, 
New property, nice room, good breakfast 
Modern hotel, 
Good location, 
Good breakfast Comfortable room, 
Really nice hotel with friendly stuff super clean and new Exectly what you would expect from Hilton hotel, but the price was incredibly good. 
Concepts24 was excellent: restaurant Amazing risotto with goat cheese and prawns, My husband had excellent osso bucco Service was excellent. 
Great breakfast buffet 
The hotel has a very unusual decor, which I liked The staff was very polite: the room nice and the bed comfy. The location is ok close to the central station and it's about half an hour walk to the centre. We traveled by car and the hotel's staff parked the car away. It cost 30 Euro. The breakfast was good with plenty of choices. 
The service was incredible, good, fast and of high quality 
The hotel is really clean and spacious. The breakfast is various and fresh 
Cleanliness Lunch food 
Spacious room, Nice, interior design, 
Hotel Spadari is in a fantastic location, just a few minutes away from Milans star attraction, the Duomo, The staff are lovely air conditioning and wifi. Great. The breakfast was extensive and delicious. The bed luxurious We loved our stay and would recommend this Hotel to everyone. 
Near to the transportation, Very good service, 
Super the hotel is awesome, rooms are clean staff. Helpful and friendly pool area is a good idea for the hotel in summer time would come back someday to this hotel. 9. 10. 
The service is very good. 
Really good breakfast nice comfortable room 20 min walk from Doumo a few min to the subway station, really close to the central station. 
Very clean room, comfortable bed and good size, bathroom, Good and strong wifi. The location was ideal for us, as we don't mind walking. It is about 15 mins, walk to the Duomo 
Wonderful staff Close to a shoping center and the tram stations Impressive, breakfast 
The hotel staff were wonderful, very friendly and helpful with my touristy questions. 
Excellent staff breakfast was great and the location was very good. 
Really, nice hotel and rooms 
Excellent breakfast, buffet included in the booking price Staff were very helpful and friendly Good location. 
Friendly and cooperative staff clean and quite hotel, nice, hotel location, clean room, clean and wide toilet, good maintenance of the room, comfortable bed and pillows 
The duplex room option: 
Location is good, Nice pool area 
Lovely hotel, but Vienna was hot. We were in business clothes. We made sure we had aircon in rooms when booking, but aircon in restaurant would make breakfast more comfortable also in the reception and bar 
Good location, quite but anyway, close with underground to centre of city Rooms, at least ours, modern, big and clean Friendly staff, and good breakfast, though perhaps not biggest selection, but good for our family Good with parking garage. 
The staff were very good Facilities were modern and clean. Welcome pack adds to the experience and hope the hotel retains this 
Handy for station into London, 
Stayed an extra day after business conference to go sightseeing Fun, location, close to Emirates, Airline, Easy access to public transport; 
Location: ok, 
Just opposite: Tesco close to tube station 
The bed was wonderful, great feeling, 
Very Central and safety, first close to main transport, tube train and bus, Walking distance to most popular Sight. Scenes 
The room was large and even though it had an internal window, it felt very comfortable. Also, the location was excellent, with easy access to the metro. 
Great Hotel great stay in London. The hotel is located in one of the nices area in London, easy to get to and very well connected with all the other areas really close to Metro Stations, 6, 7 mins, walk and Taxis. All around The room is spacious and clean. The executive lounge is amazing, with a fair price. You can work and get your meetings in a very nice place. With a great view. The staff is amazing. They know how to make you feel a special guest, especially Mrs Ioana, from the Executive Lounge. She was very careful and polite with me and my guests. The chekin checkout were super fast. The WiFi is pretty good. 
The location was very convenient to many of the tourist attractions we were visiting. The concierge provided great tips on restaurants in the area, as well as assisted with making arrangements to get us to the airport for our departure. The hotel is very clean and modern. 
The bath was huge and nice to relax in just take your own bath salts bubble, bath and relax in a nice hot bath, or, if you prefer, a shower, it was roomy and a nice flow of water, but not a power shower. The room was spacious with a decent size, comfortable bed. The fridge is big enough to put in few cans and 1 pint plastic milk carton, The food there is pricey, but very tasty, but no dearer than most other hotels. They have a great selection of wines and whisky, but not larger or beer or cider. If that's what you drink, the staff are pleasant and helpful and there is a bus stop right outside the hotel that buses and tour buses stop. You are within walking distance of Big Ben, the London eye and a few other attractions and about a ten minute: walk of Waterloo, train station and a 20 30 minute stroll away from Covent Garden, Piccadilly, Leicester Square or a 3 minute tube ride. There is a nice little convenience store about 20 yards away, which a wide range of products like a spar, a little pricey compared to a supermarket. But you are in the centre of London. 
Shower 
Great big hotel, fantastic location, nice bar good breakfast 
Liked the tub, in addition to the shower 
Location 
Great hotel and staff 
Every thing about the hotel was excellent, but we enjoyed the cooked breakfast most of all, 
Excellent accomadation facilities, ease of everything, dining and bar experience and people. I would not hesitate in staying there again. 
The stuff were very helpful: Our room didn't have refrigerator and Tessa was kind enough to upgrade or room with kitchen Thanks, Tessa High speed internet and the laundry room, which is very convenient. Closeness to the metro station 
Spacious rooms, Good service at the reception 
Some good social leisure areas in the hotel, 
Breakfast: OK, 
Very funky, great Wifi, lovely staff, good food and drink Would recommend this to all 
Great hotel team 
Close to the train station and underground station, The staff was very helpful and friendly. We were leaving on Sunday and wanted to buy something from supermarket. The staff gave us some good advice on where we could find an opened supermarket when most of the shops closed. On that day, Excellent value for a very nice room, 
Nice rooms, large dining room, 
The location was really good and in a lovely area, bed was really comfortable. 
The room was comfortable, however, I did book a twin room on Booking com, but that information was not passed through to the hotel, so there was only a double bed. It was close to central London and the Tube. The breakfast buffet was lovely and good value. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Location was excellent, Staff was very friendly, Clean room room service was fabulous, Bed was very comfortable. 
Everything Room was clean, comfortable and adequate 
They have followed through special requests, Comfortable bed, wide choices for breakfast and very clean 
Great location and very comfortable rooms Room was available for early check in Easy, walk to attractions and trains for onward journey. 
We had the most basic room, which was great value as well as spacious and comfortable 
The room was really spacious and light, and the bed super comfy. The rubber duck in the bathroom was a bonus and loved having sky movies. 
Friendly welcoming staff on arrival, spacious well appointed room 
Room size and style 
The size of the room, 
Nothing special 
The front desk and entrance was very nice and the staff were helpful. 
Location 
Rooms were quite spacious, 
The room, comfort and meals 
The rooms, although London's room, are small. This was a good size. 
Friendly staff easy to get to easy to walk to the bus. 
Breakfast and staff there were appalling 
The friendly staff 
The modern style of the room, 
Modern rooms, great service, Nice, convenient location, 
Staff very helpful 
Clean and comfortable 
You'Re always my hotel of choice. You'Re staff are incredible and recently you've been giving me wonderful upgrades. I always recommend you and when work ask me if I have a preference of accommodation you're. My first pick. I'Ve been staying with you for years, so thank you. 
The staff were all excellent. The reception staff, especially they went out of their way to make the kids feel welcome. 
The location It was so close to the london eye and the rest of the popular attractions that it was easy for my wife to go with the kids. While I attendend a course at the hotel, The rooms were comfortable and fair enough space. 
Room was very well appointed and facilities were good. 
Staff was very helpful. Restaurant offered great food, Excellent location, walking distance to Waterloo station and several landmarks 
Were staying in london for just one night and the location was perfect, we paid around 200 for one night for a family suite and it was very well worth the money 
Location 
Great location, 
Modern hotel, the room is big. The bathroom is big and good. 
View was fantastic Staff very friendly, 
All park plaza hotels, chine, 
Very Comfortable in a Great Location, The Team were very Helpful Friendly Enjoyed the Restaurant 
Was a lovely comfy bed and they gave my daughter a birthday cake. As we came London for her 13th birthday, Nice clean room and lovely breakfast 
Rooms were good Self Laundry helped a lot 
Excellent location, 5 min walk to London Eye well maintained n, properly serviced property Staff; very helpful 
Location, Wifi, 
The room was pleasant and the bar area - nice 
This is the third time we stayed at this hotel, It is simply great Perfect location and the staff is lovely, Definitely recommend it to anyone who is visiting Paris. This time I was traveling as family and they gave us a lovely family room on the 7th floor. The view was absolutely superb: 
Location and staff 
Staff were very helpfull. Hotel was clean Location, close to 2 underground stations, Bayswater and Queensway Close to shops and Hyde Park. 
I booked this hotel because of the architecture of the actual building and the price was ok. The building was beautiful, 
The room single though small, was very comfortable. The breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice: The staff polite helpful and efficient 
The bed was very comfortable 
The breakfast was amazing, so much to choose from there's something for everyone. 
Breakfast was very good Style of the hotel suited what we like 
The property was historically interesting and the staff were excellent. 
Breakfirst was great, Staff was very nice. 
Fresh sheets, clean bathroom, hotel bar and very very, very helpful front of house staff and nice bartender 
Staff Very Friendly Room was great. Air Conditioning was a bonus as it was Hot the day we stayed 
Excellent location, 
Entrance was really grand 
The staff were exceptional, couljdnt have been nicer or more helpful. 
Its location, 
The hotel and the staff so polite and friendly 
Staff was nice, 
The rooms were like dungeons, The bathrooms dangerously small 
Brilliant, A wonderful property with excellent staff. Nothing is too much trouble Incredible attention to detail regarding my preferences from previous stays VERY expensive, but worth it for a really indulgent stay. 
Large and great amenities, 
Location Friendly, helpful staff Luxurious room with special little touches. 
Food was great lots of variety and well laid out. Staff were helpful and friendly. 
General standard of comfort throughout the hotel was excellent and bar prices were reasonable for a London hotel, Hotel was also quiet, considering its size. 
Crisp sheets room, including bathroom, was spotlessly clean, modern, smart interior, friendly and efficient staff. 
The concierge and other staff were lovely and helpful. 
Good bedding nicely renovated property Friendly staff in restaurants, reception and housekeeping The lady that cleaned the room was very thorough. 
Room, lovely and very comfortable bed excellent location would definitely use this hotel again. 
When we made booking the breakfast was included but reservation at hotel, it was not 
Lovely clean spacious rooms, 
Great beds, great breakfast 
The buffet breakfast was excellent. 
Range of breakfast options and friendliness of staff 
Not really 
Location Good view Clean room and clean bathroom Air conditioner 
The room is fantasy and my friend and I really like the decoration of this hotel. It was a nice trip. 
Bed really comfy room was perfect temperature, Great selection at breakfast, 
The staff were very friendly, the room clean and the bar restaurant was lovely, The underground parking was secure, convenient and reasonably priced 
This hotel was perfectly situated for the Olympia, as we were going to Comicon and Hammersmith. Tube station was close by Great staff. Buffet breakfast had loads of choice and was very nice. 
Near the tube good breakfast 
Friendly staff breakfast buffet was good. 
Very handy for the underground 
Fantastic hotel with great staff The afternoon tea was gorgeous 
The whole experience was fab and would certainly want to stay again. The staff inparticular were informative and very friendly. 
Brilliant location right next to 02 View from standard double fantastic Breakfast, expensive, but prepaid and was really worth it very high quality and plenty to choose from Room was well insulated and quiet, even though in flight path for city airport, Room and bed super comfortable, Very clean Staff were very helpful. This was an anniversary special night away and was really worth it. We deliberately went on a night no concert on at the 02 Spa pool, lovely and included in room price, Highly recommend, and we will save up to go again next year. 
The staff were very caring and did everything to please They remembered our preferences for food and were always friendly and polite and made us feel wanted. 
The room was amazing: We were given an upgrade, so it was a real treat. The view from the windows was lovely. We decided to stay in the hotel restaurant to eat before going into the O2 for a concert Again. That was an excellent choice. The food was lovely. I would certainly stay there again if i had a concert to go to 
This is the best hotel, we've ever stayed at. Staff were friendly and so very helpful. The hotel was clean. The bedrooms beautiful The bathroom huge, Highly recommended 
Very very comfy bed, Marvellous bathroom Spotlessly, clean, Perfect location for O2 arena; 
Excellent layout of the room and the bathroom facilities size, 
Our room was beautiful with an amazing nighttime view. Across the river 13th floor, Staff were friendly and helpful, and the location was absolutely perfect for the O2 
Fantastic for 02, the views of knight outstanding 
Breakfast excellent: I have stayed in other 5, 6 star hotels in London and paid more, but this was the best I have seen excellent selection and beautifuly presented 
We found the hotel to be modern and well maintained. We were upgrade to a suite and the room was of a really good size. The view from the room was wonderful, as we had the O2 on one side and canary wharf on the other. The views from the 18 bar are amazing at night, so well worth a visit. 
Loved the room, it was very clean. The breakfast was great and better than most hotels in London, 10 10 for the breakfast 
This is one of the best London hotels I have ever stayed in. I will stay again. 
Nice soft pillows good bedding 
Room was excellent, well equipped and immaculate Staff were helpful, Close to tube so very convenient 
Room was beautiful, great views of the O2 service, exemplary and breakfast fabulous 
All 
Great customer service 
Upgraded to a suite, wonderful 
Super friendly staff, stylish hotel and perfect location for O2 
Stunning hotel very helpful friendly staff. 
Excelent bar 
Every thing was special Enjoyed the swim too 
Loved how close to the O2, the hotel is Due to the poor weather. It really helped being very close. 
Excellent facilities and room, we went to a concert at the O2 perfect location to stay short, walk. 
This is a lovely boutique hotel in the Knightsbridge area. Fifth time we stayed here, Decor of rooms is excellent, Comfortable beds and we had a magnificent bathroom, Excellent food serviced for breakfast lunch or dinner. 
Staff, where excellent couldn't do enough for you 
The staff were outstanding, very helpful and kind. My experience at the Edition was unprecedented. 
The staff were very welcoming and helpful 
Good size bed 
Second, stay at the Nadler Soho and still find it to be a fine hotel with excellent staff. One of the best I've met in London Rooms are small, simple, yet fine and quiet Bed comfortable shower is great and the small kitchen is a nice addition, and usually I am not a fan of this feature. You get a nearby gym, pool access which are very nice All in all, a hidden gem. If you understand that it's the location and a very good night sleep that you are getting, I intend to stay again. 
The design of the room was simply stunning: It was cozy and comfortable. I really enjoyed the layout of the room as well as the atmosphere. What was most impressive was the customised function accessible from the television. It really helped with the ambience 
I liked the size of the bed, the equipement of the room and the cleanness of it. 
The beds were comfy and the room was quite splendid. It had all its own little amenities, such as a coffee machine and sink for making tea 
The location was brilliant staff were very friendly on check in and check out. 
Very clean Location is great 
I loved the mood lighting and the little hidden kitchenette was lovely 
Room and location 
Coffee machine in the kitchenette was nice. Surprise. 
We noticed there was a bed topper, and this was really appreciated and made a difference. Thank you. The toiletries supplied were lovely, as were the slippers and bathrobes Free wifi, fantastic Tea and coffee supplies were great too. The spa and gym facilities were the reason we booked. The hotel and were very good, but it would have been better without children having so much access time. The locality of the hotel was a bonus and near the St Paul's underground and 5 mins walk from Barts Hospital, which is why we were there. In the first place, We felt safe walking around in the evening and took a sneaky peak at St Paul's from the 7th Floor of the hotel really great view. 
Room was v comfortable, clean Breakfast is great Staff, very helpful. 
The overall experience was very good. The next visit we will use more of the facilities on offer. 
Ajala spa 
Excellent location for us near the Barbican Centre, Really quiet and comfortable 
The spa and the food is good. 
Bed comfortable 
Perfect location for wedding at St Pauls 
Beds were amazingly comfy In an excellent location, with great little coffee cafe straight down stairs The staff could not do enough for us Enjoyed our stay. 
The location 
Everything, lovely staff, nice and clean 
Very comfy beds, Modern rooms, Excellent staff, 
Fluffy massive towels In room wifi, 
Staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly. 
Really convenient to public transportation. 
Hotel JoBo is cute exotic and is in excellent location, Walk to scores of restaurants. In minutes, Public transport is just around the corner. Staff were super friendly and helpful Rooms are Paris, small sized, but JoBo managed to fit in a huge, comparatively bathroom and all the amenities into the room, including a mini fridge for that all important cold water. After summer days out walking 
1, The room was well decorated, modern small, as per Parisian standards. However cozy 2, The shower was amazing and had great LED lights to enjoy your long nice shower 3. The room offered a free Samsung phone to make free local and international calls to certain destinations. Along with free data, 4 Staff were great and polite and extremely helpful. They were always ready to assist and guide us before we stepped out 5 Great location, 3 mins, walking, distance from Cadet Metro, Pink Line, which runs through the city, various restaurants and cafes, Located in 9th arrondissement, safe neighbourhood. 
Location, excellent staff, superb felt so welcome. The manager Billy listened to a problem. I had and came up with an excellent solution instantly Thanks. 
The bed was very comfy and met a famous actor in the lift 
Such a great energy and atmosphere here The staff were awesome and the food was tremendous. Ask for recommendations. The staff knows the food. Well, 
Very close to eurostar train 
The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. The rooms were marvellous and my favourite part was the bed Slept like a log and woke up feeling, energized and well rested. The room service was excellent, Best room service food. I'Ve ever had 
The breakfast was really nice: 
Excellent location for public transport, Well appointed rooms with commanding views, Friendly team and a really good breakfast selection. A bonus was an espresso machine in the room. 
Amazing hotel staff very friendly and polite rooms so comfortable one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in 
Welcome staff were very friendly, especially tim. I had fabulous birthday treat left in the room And very helpful when my friends shoe needed fixing 
Bed, good room, quiet and clean pleasant view. 
Comfortable bed and good breakfast 
Location 
It was my partners, 60th birthday and the hotel staff were amazing, Receptionist were lovely, They left a card cake and a bottle of wine. The room was lovely at the back, overlooking the garden. The little things do make a big difference and it made his weekend. Thank you. We come to London a lot and we will be back 
The garden 
Bar staff were great So we're overnight concierge when we had a medical problem. 
The location 
Good locatiin 
The cookies 
Very comfortable bed and excellent location 
Effective security staff on the front door after the hotel's party finished easily distinguishing hotel guests from clubbers 
Great trendy Hotel with nice, Rooftop, terrace, comfortable rooms and Shoreditch is a great area for going out shopping. Exploring 
Modernes design 
Very friendly, helpful staff 
Loved this place, 
Bed was great 
History, lobby 
The tube was nearby Great pubs: restaurants, nearby 
Close to theater local attractions, Beautiful hotel, 
The location 
Executive lounge was a lovely venue for breakfast 
The food was lovely, The hotel is beautifully presented and kept clean with lovely staff. 
Very Ornate, 
Comfortable place great location, close to railway station 
The eggs were NOT fluffy. Overall, the hotel was bright, clean and In a decent location with very pleasant staff, A great lounge. We were quite pleased overall 
The staff are always friendly and the hotel is good for the money. 
Access to the underground and local restaurants was good. 
Comfortable room Good view of hyde park Close to underground stations, Easily accessible 
The pillows were superb, We arrived at noon asked if they could store our luggage until later, but the room was ready, so they let us, have it early. 
The comfort level, the cleanliness and primarily the great location, 
Breakfast and dinner were beautiful, good menu choice Staff always very friendly and helpful. 
The room was pretty good, but the bathroom door handle was broken and the walls weren't very thick, as you could hear the room next door going to the toilet. The staff were very friendly and helpful and its in an excellent position for shopping bars and restaurants. 
Fabulous hotel very friendly staff, 5Star 
Rooms were spacious, clean and the room amenties were excellent, The location was excellent, and the restaurant adjoining the hotel, Gails Kitchen was excellent for breakfast 
Bed, lovely and comfy room small, but perfectly formed everything. One needed for a stay. Breakfast was delicious and staff very helpful and friendly 
Chic room amazing location staff were polite. 
The hotel has a great location, very close to station Tottenham Court Road. Only a two minutes walk away in the middle of a dynamic area of the city. The check in went very smooth, and the breakfast in the morning is very delightful, as all is freshly prepared and you can choose from a very detailed breakfast menu. The amenities in the bathroom, as well as in the living room and the minibar menu, are great Good selections. 
The location was great staff, very friendly, free toiletries, all vegan and eco friendly 
The location is excellent, Easy access to the centre of London and all its attractions, Easy access to Tottenham Court Road tube station 
Location 
Perfect location, Comfortable and clean 
Breakfast was great and well priced avo on toast all the way. 
Stephania at the desk was marvellous, Very helpful. 
Great location Also greta to be able to get a single room in order to pay less 
The room was comfortable and quiet, 
Staff was consistently helpful and engaged 
Nice, art, deco rooms, good location, 
Very friendly, helpful staff spoke good English 
Room was clean and the bathroom was excellent and large Modern decor, with all the amenities required for a pleasant stay. 
The concierge was very helpful and taxis were right in front all the time Very central location, 
The breakfast was delicious 
Location location, location, location Next to eiffel tower just 5 minutes walking distance Well connected from underground Posh area, Can even walk around middle of night fear free Room, very clean and amenities of 5 star level Very helpful and accommodating staff 24 hour reception desk Supermarket next door. So much good about this hotel Really enjoyed my stay. 
Location, excellent staff, 
Breakfast was well catered. Maybe room service should be available all throughout the day. 
Nespresso Location, Good wifi, 
Rather, run of the mill no bath which we'd asked for room, overlooking train tracks wouldn't go there again. 
Modern comfortable, helpful staff, nice bar handy for South Bank, The area is in a state of flux through redevelopment, but this hotel is a good new addition and offers good value for a family stay near some big attractions, London Eye National Theatre, etc. 
The kitchen in the room was excellent, with everything you could need provided even up yo a tea towel, The entire room was comfy, as was the bed, it was large and so comfy and the blackout curtains meant we slept so well. There was also no noise from outside at all. The sofa and seating area were great, too 
Bed is very comfortable room. Space is huge, no clothes drier. 
The cleanliness and daily maintenance 
Comfy bed and lovely shower 
The staff always went above and beyond Great location and amazing hotel 
Location, cleanliness, price, 
Very good location, very good service, 
Did not eat at hotel, nor used the Wifi nice bar 
Comfortable beds, Presence of a dishwasher is very convenient, Well equipped. Kitchen 
Zero 
Great location, attentive and great service minded staffs, Nice and clean, as it is just recently opened. 
Best location, kids are welcome. Nice, breakfast n, good staff, Bus stop just in front 
The counter staff is very friendly, the room is clean, 
Spacious room, Good breakfast, Excellent location, 
The shower was the best I've ever experienced in a hotel, superb water pressure and temperature High quality towels Very minimal counter space. In bathroom, though, Although the hotel boasts about it's beds, I was not overly impressed with ours Good, but not great, Overall experience very good. Very nice cafes in Shepherd Market area, which is only a few blocks away. 
Nice location in Kensington, Comfortable bed and good shower Free wifi was reliable. 
Good buffet breakfast 
Brilliant all round Loved it Attentive staff, 
My 2nd stay due to excellent service super team lead by nick all polite and very attentive a credit to nick's leadership. 
Super team Alex khal Samantha Yolanta in reception, lead by professional manager, nick 
Staff were very helpful. 
Hotel Batty Langley turned out to be a real treasure. If you are looking for a romantic place, BL is definitely the place to be. The room with a bath was luxury with good sence of style Service was hostile and warm Small details made the visit. Unforgetable Refreshing lemonade By the reception and the rooms named by charactes The stay in Jack Sheppards room was plenty 
The hotel has been beautifully restored, but contains many beautiful, antique pieces. Everything about the hotel reflects opulence and luxury Everywhere. You look is beautifully constructed, furnished and decorated. Just perfect 
The staff were absolutely brilliant, they did everything they could to make our stay as comfortable as possible. We had a problem with our tap and they let us take as much water from the mini bar as we liked free of charge. They even brought more up without being asked. The design and decor of the hotel is beautiful. It'S very charming. The 12pm check out time was appreciated. 
Funky room friendly staff, great location for my office, 
Excellent staff 
Staff were extremely attentive. Hotel was stunning in an amazing location. 
Price and staff 
Good aircon Friendly staff Value breakfast Very central bus line, 
So close to tube station 
Everyone was very hospitable and the location was fine. There is Avery nice breakfast 
Great breakfast close to tube 
Location 
The staff in general were very friendly and helpful. 
Close to tube station clean and quiet 
Our room was at the back as we asked for a quiet room so no view good breakfast plenty of choice: Nice, coffee about 8 mins, walk from Kings, Cross, 
The location was just right: staff very professional and clean room; 
On arrival was given a free room, upgrade very close to Euston Station Great value for money didn't eat at the hotel. So cannot. Comment on on food Staff were really friendly and willing to help sevice with a smile. 
Wetroom style bathroom perfect for a wheelchair user. 
Lovely comfy beds Helpful staff An overall, attractive hotel, 
Location 
Good location, nice staff, 
Comfortable room 
Not much 
My best friend and I had a fantastic stay at Le 123 Sebastopol. The theater theme is really fun, as there is so much to take in so definitely tour the hotel. When you arrive, There is even a private movie. Theater downstairs, along with a cute private patio out back, We traveled overnight and were exhausted, so they checked us in early to catch, a nap which was so appreciated. The room was adorably decorated, Very girly and perfect for us, Plus we had a quaint little balcony where we sipped our wine and watched the streets below The area is a little less congested than others, but easy to walk or metro to many attractions. The best reason to stay at the hotel is definitely the staff They are warm and accommodating. My favorite was the late night crew, as we were often coming back after hours. Serge and Xavier are wonderful and made our stay one. We will always remember If you are unsure where to go. We absolutely recommend Le 123 Sebastopol 
Perefect staying beautiful place, ecellent lovation 
Very comfortable bed and clean room 
The concierge chaps were really good at providing advice, guidelines, maps 
Staff were incredibly helpful rooms, comfortable and immaculately, presented Great location, easy to get into town and perfect for the cricket. 
Excellent quality refurbished bedroom 
Specious new rooms, 
Location to tube and carparking 
Location 
The bed was comfortable, The room and bathroom were very clean. 
Good location, Standard breakfast coffee could be better Helpful staff, Very clean room. 
Excellent and helpful staff Excellent breakfast 
Lady on reception, very helpful 
The room was too hot: Aircon barely able to cope Breakfast was excellent and serving staff. Fantastic 
Fabulous large room, good quality bedding and towels 
Clean spacious, room, Really friendly staff and great breakfast 
Excellent proximity to Gare de Lyon and Paris, sights in the Bastille area, Room and bathroom were modern and VERY clean. Nice towels Air Conditioning worked well Room was very quiet. Outdoor courtyard, perfect for an evening. Picnic and glass of wine Staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Even helped us check in early at 1130 after our long flight from California Would definitely stay here again. Should I find myself needing a hotel near the Bastille Gare de Lyon? 
I often use hotel and standard consistent. Small amounts of breakfast foods displayed means replenished, often Comfy, bed Iron in room and no problem getting ironing board from room service staff. 
Location 
Location, great for public transport and lots of eating places, We had a quiet room and the staff were helpful. 
Breakfast was tasty: 
Bed very comfy 
Bed was really compfy. 
Large room, large toilets, clean free, mini bar, wonderful breakfast OMG and the price is so low, Just literally next to the tower bridge. No, where else can we find another place like this? 
Value for money, the room, decor amenities are like 5, but comes at really good price, Great location, just 3 mins away from Tower Hill tube station. Good breakfast prepared breakfast with several selections. Air conditioning Free beer, small bottles of water beers in the mini bar are all complimentary. Nice touch, 
Really nice pub, The staff was very nice and welcoming the location is very close to a tube station, but it take a while to travel to the center 20 25 minutes. 
Professional and friendly staff, comfortable bed and modern bathroom and shower 
Excellent location, very friendly staff, clean room, comfy bed and the complimentary beer in the fridge was a nice touch. 
We were upgraded to an executive room which was very nice. The king bed was really comfortable. 
A lovely message welcoming my wife and myself on our anniversary. The room was excellent. With a large balcony, Every single member of Staff was very friendly and helpful. 
The staff were very nice, Especially Ms Irma went above and beyond. Couldn'T thank her enough. Also, Eric and Sveta at reception desk were very kind. 
Complimentary Paper 
All staff 
Very warm welcome, well kitted out and comfortable. I wanted for nothing. 
Nice view from room balcony Nearby, the tower bridge and city centre and also train station 
Room was small but comfortable, and it had a bay window. The place has character and is safe. I'D stay there again. 
Breakfast was very tasty: 
Lounge area and friendly reception staff 
Everything 
Bed comfy room quite cramped, Breakfast good 
Everything was spot on this visit. The best stay. I'Ve had 
Staff very friendly 
Good location, 
Good location, 
Staff beds nice little pool 
Friendly staff 
Staff very pleasant and helpfull 
Nothing 
Location is great 
Close to where I needed to be View was good. 
Location 
The bed was comfortable and the view was fabulous. 
Great location and a nice view 
All was excellent and as experienced previously 
Thanks for the good service, 
Accessible location to the shopping and public transport, 
Breakfast was good: Staff were friendly and offered to help Room facilities were reasonable. 
It was my birthday and when we returned the room there was a small bottle of Prosecco and a slice of chocolate cake on a plate. Iced with happy birthday, It did make me feel very special, so a good touch. 
Disappointed that the dates could not be changed a lot of money wasted due to a simple mistake: 
Location is great 
Staff comfort, cleanliness of room, Great location, 
Loved the room very cozy, clean 
Hotel interior was nice location is near everything, many place to eat and also near supermarkets. Small rooms 
The location of this hotel is superb. You are practically inside Gloucester Road tube station, so ideal for dipping in out when doing meetings. 
The staff, especially the concierge, was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very good. 
Every thing was excellent: the staff breakfast and comfort Special thanx to Daniel at reception and the host lady at the restaurant 
I love details in my room and bathroom 
Room was beautiful and clean and facilities very good Liked. The mini bar idea and coffee machine 
Great location for the train station, Good food close by too 
The Handy device option was nice. I did not take it with me, as I was not sure it was allowed, But I think it is a great tool. 
It'S a lovely old fashioned grand hotel with a lot of period features retained. Staff were very friendly and helpful from check in to check out Nice breakfast in the morning too. 
The convenience of being 15 minutes away from Heathrow airports 
Easy access from the airport 
Very convenient 
Bed was super comfortable 
Nice reception area buffet breakfast very nice competent staff, 
Excellent breakfast offerings each day, full English and Continental Executive Lounge offers excellent additional options, especially if in a group 
The hotel was in an excellent location, Very helpful staff, Good continental breakfast, Very comfortable bed and pillows, and room was spacious enough for a couple of nights with only hand luggage. 
Good location for visiting the Albert Hall for an evening, Proms concert The staff. After welcoming and helpful, We were able to check in early and have access to our room. Breakfast was ok, but nothing special. We were able to leave our bags for a couple of hours. After check out and before leaving for home, 
The room was nice and quiet with a little private balcony ideal for morning. Coffee Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was a little compact, but the shower was fantastic. 
The hotel is in an excellent position for Hyde Park, the surrounding shops and the tube stations Staff were very friendly and the room was comfortable and just what we needed for a short stay. 
Very nice breakfast room, 
Personal small scale, secure walkable area 
The first hotel with true modern convenience, I have visited Quality, bose bluetooth speakers, 20 device limit on wifi, functional room space, as well as being really stylish Staff were prompt and polite with actual personalities, All the usual annoying little things that are not quite right at a Hotel were not here, and so it felt ver homely 
Very attentive service staff knew your name sumptuous rooms, attention to detail, Immactulate service, Nothing. A problem Location was great for Victoria Station and visit to Buckingham Palace. 
Excellent service 
Location is very good. 
Very comfy bed attention to detail, location, all staff very friendly and efficient 
Lovely hotel and really attentive staff 
Staff couldn't do enough for us and we really enjoyed our stay, wouldn't hesitate in staying there again. 
We stayed in the penthouse and found it to be comfortable with plenty of space and a spectacular view of the Seine and Notre Dame Taner and Dino were most helpful in guiding us around Paris and providing restaurant advice Would definitely recommend this hotel. If you are looking to be in the area of the 5th and 6th RER and Metro, only steps away, 
We loved the location, the pet birds in the lobby, the clean and chic room, the restauarants that were available for room service and the very helpful and friendly staff. 
The setting is perfect only 5 minutes fro the Eiffel Tower between 2 metro lines. 
The staff were excellent and helpful. The room was comfortable. 
I have got an upgrade. Staff was very helpful. 
Loved the ornate details of this room, Queen sized bed, was wonderful for couple. After a long day of travel. 
Location 
Very good location, close to Hyder Park and metro station good and clean room adequately equipped Good choice. 
Everything was just superb Staff, smiley and very helpful without being in your face. Quality of food at dinner was excellent as expected from this establishment. Its first hotel we've been in for ages where the bedroom was as good as ours at home and that I can tell you is praise indeed Room service spot on time, bar staff, truly professional 
The concierge and doormen were great 
The location was great: 2 mins, walk from Old Street Station, also great facilities, helpful staff and in vibrant area, clean and modern bathroom and high tech controls. 
I loved everything about this hotel, the staff, the food, the room and everything it had to offer. The staff were so lovely and very welcoming. 
Comfy bed, location, good, hi tech room shower no power to it. Just fell out of shower head clean room. 
The room was perfect Everything we needed Great views, Clean Tidy, 
Not sure what genius perks are Bed very comfy, Good facilities with nespresso machine, etc, Didn't use mini bar Room, very clean and stylish Loved bathroom and fantastic shower Loved spa facililities Wished had had time for some wellness treatments, maybe next time Breakfast tasty liked that staff filled Up coffee cup, without asking Staff very professional and friendly 
Stunning hotel had everything I could have asked for staff where great and would have loved to have stayed longer to enjoy all their facilities, spa, etc. 
The bed is extremely comfy, The natural lighting is perfect, The room design is very elegant and modern. The staff is very friendly. The room has all the equipment i needed. 
Amazing modern rooms and very friendly staff, Great breakfast, with lots of choice. Hotel was really close to the tube station, so very easy to get around London Having a coffee machine in the room was really nice and the dressing gowns are so fluffy. We were also given a 20 voucher to spend in the bar, which was a really nice touch, and I would defiantly stay again. 
Excellent bar staff Very clean, Friendly service, 
The level of room technology, Comfort of bed - 
Staff were very polite and friendly Room was comfortable had a really good nights. Sleep Shower was powerful Coffee tea facilities better than most 
We stayed at the weekend and there is totally free parking on the side road all of Saturday and Sunday, It's also not in congestion zone. So we left by 8 30 with no parking charges. The room was super high tech and totally entertaining The spa is basic but clean and fun with lovely fresh infused water available. 
Stayed here previously, as the location is close to where my son lives and therefore very convenient Hotel is very modern and staff. Very friendly Check in seemed to be a little slow, but we were offered a glass of Prosecco as we waited We booked a Club double and the room was spacious clean with the usual mod cons, Wouldn't hesitate to stay again. 
The room was stunning: the service was excellent and I loved that the room came with a complimentary smart phone to use throughout the stay And as if all of that wasn't good enough, the spa was amazing. 
Beds and pillows were heavenly Fixtures and fitting very high end Staff, extremely welcoming and friendly Great pool and gym. 
The bed was amazingly comfortable, 
Close to tube shops, 
Always replenished towels room cleaning throughout day the decor tv media, 
Bed, comfy good extra amenities, 
Great value for fantastic facilities, 
Everything 
The technology in the room was cool. 
Front desk heloful and friendly 
Everything amazing 
The room was clean and comfortable. The lobby was lovely. I liked getting the Irish Independent every day. 
Price and location Bus stop right outside of Hotel short trip to the Kilburn Station tubes trains Located outside of London in an older neighborhood Plenty of Mom and Pop grocery stores, and places to eat Bakery right across the street and McDonalds next door. 
Handy location for where I needed to get to in North West, London, Good value, price for location and facilities, Wifi was fast. I could stream Netflix with no issues Very clean and big room. I had a double bed and a single bed just for me Very quiet on my floor was on 1 Bus. Stop just outside hotel only took 5 mins to get to Kilburn Jubilee line tube station, which is zone 2 Convenience store across the road from hotel. I did not have breakfast or use leisure facilities, small gym and pool, but they looked good. I would stay here again: 
Wonderful location and very friendly staff 
Lovely building, comfortable and modern room, Easy access to transport from Hammersmith; 
Location, nice staff, 
Comfy bed really friendly helpful staff very pleasant restaurant 
It was a lovely experience, Food fabulous room, amazing, but no view Bed was so comfy We'll stay there. Next time we're in London going to the theatre, The staff were lovely 
Location staff room 
The staff's friendliness and attitude towards finding a way to resolve any inconvenience was unique. I would like to come back to this hotel, not only for the location which is exceptionally favourable, but because of the staff 
Definitely recommended Very good value for the price 
The bed was OK, 
The Receptionists and Cleaners are very polite, friendly and hard working staff. We enjoyed our stay and would come again. Rooms were clean and had enough amenities, or one could request anytime without a problem. 
My daughter and I were upgraded free of charge to an executive room with a balcony over the water. We enjoyed the quality and price in the Spice restaurant and I was delighted to find porridge for breakfast in the Jenny restaurant. The electric fan was a welcome addition to the room 
Could control the room temperature with the AC quite easily short walk to the tube station? Although construction closed many paths, 
Staff were friendly location, good 
The bed was nice, you could smoke in the room bouns. I loved the layout of the hotel 
Room overlooking Thames good bed and room Breakfast was substantial and well prepared. Location was perfect for my needs. 
Excellent value for money, Friendly staff, lots of amenities, a broad range of dining options, a Spa downstairs all just a stone's throw from Canary Wharf, Have already recommended this to family friends for last minute. Work, stopovers short breaks in case. They need to stay in this part of London. 
The location is good, which is near to the train station. The bedroom was big, we were booking room without window, but the hotel gave us a big room with window without charge. 
Just the convenience 
Great location and spacious room, but the whole place looks a bit tired. 
The room was perfectly fine. Nothing specifically that stood out. We had the luck of finding a very good deal via booking com Location is very convenient. It is a 10 minute walk to Canary wharf station, where you can take either underground or DLS Better. Even is the water bus which does not get so crowded and the air not so stifling If you are not in a rush and enjoy seeing the sights from the Thames, this is one of the best ways to travel into the city. 
Nothing 
We liked everything about this hotel and was so so pleased. You still have smoking rooms so good, as my partner didn't have to leave me to go outside for a smoke, and in the morning we were able to enjoy leisurely having our first coffee relaxing as he was able to have his cigarette. This was our second trip to this hotel and will definitely be back 
I loved the Asian theme and the class of the hotel 
It had a car park, 
We were offered a free upgrade on our room, as the hotel was pretty empty. Staff were friendly, The views were excellent and we had a great time. Barman was really great, too 
The hotel in general was absolutely fine for a 2 night stay 
Ac make noise, if you put it on 2, so either 1 or 3, even on 3 and temp 17. 5 - still warm Short of staff. So you have to que to check in Expensive Wifi after 30, min free Location, isolated and no way. 1. 9 miles from O2 arena unless you go swimming so wrong info 
Old hotel, which would require serious refurbishment Room, was tidy, and since the price was so low for London, it was okay with me. 
Looked stylish waa clean but needs a little refurbisging as couls see carpets getting old, bathroom corners. Looking mankie bath plug dont work properly be nice to have a small fridge to put our drinks in 
Good location, 
Most OF EVERY ASPECT - 
The room was nice and the staff very nice and smiling 
Nothing 
Good location for business 
Price good on that day, 
Spacious room 
Location and staff 
Only the location, 
Despite having booked room with no window, we've been upgraded at no extra cost to a room with a window. The view on Canary Wharf was stunning: 
Clean good service staff very helpful, upgrade our room for us. 
Excellent value, great location for visiting 02 room very clean, will definitely return. 
We were up graded 
Close proximity to 02 arena, 
Excellent value for money Slightly dated, but very clean room, Attentive staff, quick and easy check in out 
Location friendly staff cell phone for use during stay in Paris, 
Location friendly staff cell phone for use during stay in Paris, 
Comfortable bed staff friendly good food at restaurant, good location property seemed clean, nice flatscreen TV 
Customer service, comfort and decor was excellent. 
Great staff, Great hotel, 
I was not happy with my room and so when I complained they listened and kindly changed the room and delighted me 
The bed and location were wonderful. 
Helpful staff Hearty breakfast to set you up for the day Comfortable bed 
Position: 
Location everything we needed to do was nearby 
Good location, normal hotel, 
It is well situated. Staff was all fluent in English and very helpful, A very international sense of customer service. 
The bed was large and very comfortable. The room was reasonably spacious and included a small sofa 
The room we had on this date was much nicer than the one we had at the end of our tour at same hotel. 
Air conditioning wasn't very good Paid 60 pounds for late check out on last day, but staff woke us with buzzer and phone call. At 7, 30am first lie in in 2 weeks, Primitive shower bath in room Staff couldn't find booking. When we arrived back, We stayed before and after our tour around Europe, Most 3 star hotels around Europe were better 
Too short, a stay because have to go on the Expat Tour the next day early morning, 
Staff, polite and helpful 
Breakfast was, it should be as good as it gets. 
Very comfortable room, especially the bed clean, friendly and helpful personnel 
Very little 
The hotel provides a smart phone during the stay and free calls to EU countries and even Free international calls to some countries Great product 
It had a wonderful shower and the room was very clean. 
This is a pretty standard, joint, no frills but solid And a short walk to Baker Street and all the yummy cafes there. There is no elevator, but the porter is very willing to help, and I appreciated that, In fact all the staff were really great. It was pretty clean, although there were some stains in the carpet and on the bedspread, but anyway don't you generally remove the bedspread at hotels, 
Five minutes walk from underground station and excellent restaurants in Baker. Street 
The bathroom was acceptable: the towel only having a small dark stain 
We upgraded our room, It was fine. 
We stayed here on our wedding night and they beautifully prepared the room with chocolate, strawberries and rose petals and the option for breakfast in bed. It was fabulous. 
Staff very helpful, Peaceful location, overlooking the square Convenient for buses. No 63 from Farringdon goes to Kings Cross about 13 mins Plenty of amenities. Nearby Tube is near too Would return. Thanks to staff, we had a lovely break. 
Room was excellent and quiet and Bed was so comfortable. The hotel was very close to the underground good to move around 
Luxurious bed and bathroom Bumped into Sir Ian Botham in the foyer 
Eggs benedict and berries with yoghurt 
Bed was so comfy and the extra lengths the staff went to to make our stay perfect. 
Location of the hotel Friendliness of staff 
The bed was extra comfy 
Bed was comfy Love the quirky sayings 
Very clean room Bed was exceptionally comfortable, Fantastic view of the Thames and Westminster Staff very friendly and helpful Food was excellent. 
The breakfast was very good and set you up for the day, Found the beds to be very comfortable All round very pleasant, stay 
Staff very friendly and helpful nice clean, linen and towels 
I was given a room in their new floor and it was amazing The room feels very cozy and modern with comfortable bed. They have a Smart TV with some pay to play new movies installed, which is a big plus for me, as a movie enthusiast that barely have enough time to go to a cinema. The breakfast was delicious and totally worth the price. Their dinner service at the Chino Latino Restaurant within the hotel has a limited food choice and very limited wine options, but the food is great Room service. Food was very tasty too. The hotel is located next to the River Thames, with some taxis available on the hotel entrance. It'S about 20 minutes walk from the city center. 
Comfortable bed, good sized room, 
Park Plaza is quite a modern hotel. On the Albert Embankment We booked a Superior double room which was generous in size and had a comfy bed. We didn't spend a lot of time in the room, but it was clean Facilities, included, WiFi, satellite TV, a keyboard that controlled the light mood AC and a safe, which was useful. The breakfast was superb, with plenty of choice, with the option to request items that were not on the buffet. The staff were very friendly, welcoming and happy to help. We got a complimentary drink for our party of 8, which we redeemed in the hotel bar The front of house staff were great. Couldn'T do enough for us. Thank you to Don and Raheem to mention a couple. 
Loved the mood lighting, temperature control and very clean comfy room 
Very reasonably priced by London standards, Good location, nice room, friendly staff, 
I loved how it was near attractions like the London Eye, Big Ben Sea Life centre, etc, which was ideal for siteseeing as I've never been to that part of London. 
Best view in London, Brilliant bar and food 
Room spacious, bed, comfy 
Very friendly staff, Excellent food, Very comfortable room, 
The overall arrangement was excellent: 
Great room: 
The view was great: 
All was good bed g8 bathroom amazing staff, helpful and friendly 
Friendly and helpful staff excellent well connected quiet location, A definite return planned on my next trip. 
Only spent a few hours actually in the hotel to sleep, but room and bed were absolutely fine. Good location. 
Friendly staff and location 
I love the excellent service 
Location furniture, comfortable bed, friendly staff, 
It was all excellant 
Lovely room super nice staff at the hotel bar and restaurant 
Excellent location and room 
It was available last minute the staff were very friendly, it's a bit 1975, but otherwise perfectly good. 
The location was perfect for Regents Park, The room was very comfortable and very clean. The bar lounge area was very comfortable. 
Service and staff were very professional at the same time, friendly 
On site car parking real bonus 30 a day but worth it very handy, location to Lords cricket ground Regent's Park shopping cafes in St Johns literally across the road 
Location was perfect. 
Silent and clean 
The location was fabulous and had a great bar and restaurant on site. 
Very good location along the Piccadilly line from Heathrow Friendly and professional staff and good sized and well appointment, bedrooms Very quiet. 
We would certainly recommend this hotel. The location is very convenient, our room was comfortable and a good size. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was especially good with an excellent choice of food. 
Tv spacious room, 
Very comfortable bed and very clean 
Great location, very polite staff, Restaurant served authentic, Indian cuisine, Wonderful 
The room size was good. Hotel is close to Regent street Oxford street Carnaby, st, Which is quite convenient for shopping. 
Location 
Not worth the money, the shower glass was broken, i smashed into it twice. The hotel didnt fix it and transfer me to another room. No towels in the room always need to ask for them. Staff at the breakfast are cold as ice and forget what you order and when they do it takes ages. More guests were complaining about it. If location is not an issue, i would NOT recommend this hotel. 
Nothing 
The restaurants at the hotel were really nice and staff were friendly. 
Great location right in the middle of bars and restaurants, Even though the neighbourhood is very alive at night, the hotel offers quiet rooms, Clean rooms Friendly and helpful dutch speaking staff at the reception 
It was a great location and the bedroom had no outside noise. What we like very quiet, 
Comfy bed, great location, good choice at breakfast; 
Good location, pleasant, hotel, 
Good value by London standards Very quiet also, and I had a good night's sleep. 
We stayed here for three days for a festival in town. The staff were really nice and helpful, and the breakfast was kept hot and replenished regularly for the duration of their breakfast hours. The room itself was nice. They clean regularly, unless you tell them not to, and there was a big comfy bed that my friend and I had no problem sharing. 
Easy access to airport and the city 
Comfortable bed 
Good breakfast Room size is small, 
The bed was good and the Hotel was in the center of London near to everything. Good breakfast was good. 
I liked how helpful the staff at the reception was in order to make sure that everything was, according to my expectations, A special thanks to Sujan and Beatriz, who made my stay at the hotel, be better than expected. 
The bed very comfortable and staff were excellent and were very helpful. 
Excellent clean hotel in a perfect location, 
Everything and everyone was outstanding - 
The rooms were small but very clever usage of the space Everything felt new and fresh and clean. We really liked the small, complementary breakfast to have in your room in the morning. It felt more relaxed than stressing to get ready to go down for a big buffet Location was excellent. 
The place was extremely hip, but not at all stuffy. The location in London was amazing and we took the metro directly too and from the airport 
The decor was so beautiful, The staff were really friendly and they even left a birthday message and bottle of champagne in our room with two glasses. It was a really lovely gesture and really made the trip. Special Bed was so comfy room service. Breakfast was delicious. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Hoxton and we'll definitely be back 
Very comfortable bed Fairly small, but well designed room, Good, sound proofing, Great location. If you want Covent Garden area, Modern, stylish, bathroom 
Drinks very reasonably priced for the area and tasted great Music in the bar was spot on made for a nice chilled atmosphere. 
Location was convenient, 
Comfortable room with quirky features: 
Wide selection on breakfast buffet with taste Good value for quality hotel in London. All staff had a smile, 
Daytime staff very friendly, I went for one of the smaller rooms as I was traveling alone. It is very small but comfortable had everything needed. 
Price is reasonable for a well located 5 star hotel Staff is very friendly and supportive. 
There were not a facility of Swimming pool and spa available at the hotel. Unfortunately, 
The staff were all very friendly and helpful, The room was very comfortable and the shower was powerful and hot. I liked the selection on the TV and the fact that the bathroom had a speaker, so you could hear the TV clearly Plus the breakfast was lovely with the chefs cooking, what you want and the waitresses getting drinks if you didn't get them yourself. 
Bed was extra, comfy Staff were excellent. 
Did not have breakfast 
Lovely room, great bed, very comfortable 
The room is so where ok, Location, good Staff, very accommodating 
Great location, large room and comfy bed 
Nothing 
Event on too much noisense going on to late hiyrs 
Nice hotel, Exelant Breakfast 
The beds were very comfortable 
Great location and PARKING 
The staff was courteous and attentive Great location for entertainment, l Short, walk from the palace and other sights 
The room was comfortable good selection of tea and coffee in the room. 
Beds very comfy, 
Easy walk to attractions and to the tube 
Classic 
Mattress was slightly hard Location was great staff, extremely helpful. 
The hotel is more appropriate for business trip. Breakfast is also very good. Staff are friendly and helpful. 
The bed was very comfortable with blackout blinds in the bedroom. We slept really well. The staff were attentive bathroom products, good 24 hr pool great idea, Fantastic hotel, 
Every thing modern, friendly and spot on location, 
Great location, beautiful decor, 
Breakfast could be better 
Perfect location, 
Really good location, Friendly staff, The breakfast was OK 
The location was pretty good if a bit hard to find 
Courteous friendly staff, great location in heart of Mayfair 
Nothing 
The beds are very comfortable and large. Also our room was not ready when we arrived, but the staff compensated this by upgrading us 
Everything 
Excellent location within walking distance of Oxford Street and many restaraunts 
Comfy bed near Hackney, central good pub food and beer on site; 
The customer service at reception and the restaurant were good Great selection of refreshments in the room from teas and fancy pods for the coffee machine. The mini fridge for the small pint of fresh milk was an adorable touch. The quirky decor definitely lived up to the description on the booking page Lovely view from my room of the big beer garden. Unfortunately, it was raining heavily when I stayed so. I couldn't visit 
Excellent breakfast Fast service by friendly waitress Outdoor terrace for breakfast Quiet room Near restaurants and shops in Ealing, Broadway 
Lovely comfortable bed and the shower was great. I particularly loved the fact that they've actually placed a hairdryer where you can easily find it that it's right by a mirror for styling Seems insignificant. But I can't tell you the amount of hotels where the hairdryer is nowhere near a mirror. We even played table tennis in the garden in the evening and drank cocktails, served by a knowledge barman. If you have to away from home on business hotels like this, make it really enjoyable I'll, be back. 
I couldn't fault the hotel, Great staff that couldn't do enough. For me. Their receptionist even went as far as to offer to lend me her husband's cufflinks when I discovered I'd left mine behind 
Lovely suite bed very comfy and having a coffee machine with fresh milk in the fridge was great. 
Great service and facilities, I will be back 
Location and reception 
Adella was amazing, Top Notch Employee 
We were only staying one night with an early start the next morning and had stayed at the Colonnade before It's in a nice area and on street parking is easy. The general areas in the hotel are welcoming. We were greeted with a welcome drink, which was nice after a long drive. 
Close to transport Close to Regent Canal, 
A very nice hotel and a great location to stay when visiting London 
Fantastic staff with great standards, The quality of service from all was of a superior standard and Mo the receptionist went out of his way to help. Thank you for a fantastic stay. 
Excellent location very comfortable bed, Helpful stuff. We liked the traditional, very British and still modern design of the hotel 
Brilliant location, beautiful building super comfortable bed, comfortable room with air conditioning drinks provided in mini bar 
Just a good hotel, 
The whole room great stay, 
Excellent attention and lovely place: 
Large room with excellent facilities, Very central location, 
The continental breakfast at 10 pp price, when checking in, was excellent value Staff very helpful and polite 
Location 
Very nice staff 
What an amazing and unique hotel A short cab ride or 15 minute walk from Waterloo station and close to nearby bars and restaurants. The room is comfortable and quirky, and the hotel staff are super friendly. The bar are and foyer feel cozy and the interior design is amazing. I loved it so much. I booked CitizenM in Amsterdam for my next trip. 
Big comfy bed, great cafe, bar with 24 snacks, available Excellent location Check in, was easy and liked choosing room location. 
Contemporary design, sci fi room excellent cocktails. 
Free movies and mini fridge treated like an adult 
We were told coffee was available in the lobby which it was, but you had to pay for it. 
Perfect 
The hotel was just different and funky and easy to check in and out rooms where really cool and a really comfy bed. 
Comfy beds, free mini bar soft drinks, reception 
Clean with all, you need for a really good price. 
Everything was great, 
They were very friendly and was a lovely treat to have proseco for my birthday for me and my 3 friends 
For an urban hotel, it was perfect in every way Fresh, clean, very helpful staff, lots of hot water. The bed was wonderfully comfortable, The location for being so central was remarkably quiet in the morning. 
Position: 
The front desk staff were extremely helpful and courteous, as were the breakfast and housecleaning staff. The breakfast was excellent and the breakfast room bright and cheerful. We loved the cappucino coffee maker available all the time. 
Great location, Beautiful building and the room was lovely. The greeting was great. I cannot fault this hotel. 
Pleasant decor and friendly staff 
Thank you to Alain staff for helping us out being so friendly. 
Location cannot see the effel tower from the hotel, but it is 2min walk to the tower Staff. Nice, Kids, under12, free buffet, 
Excelent breakfast clean 
The price of breakfast should have been included in the days discount of 33 When we paid the bill. It was not Also, the price confirmed was not the stated price incl breakfast when I booked it online. This has happened to me twice and I strongly recommend to make a screenshot at booking instant, to have proof for opposing different confirmation. 
Breakfast was very good value, excellent Beautiful view, Doormen we're very helpful in getting taxis. 
Close location to good restaurants, venues underground The bars in the hotel are modern and lively with a good atmosphere. 
The location, The Rumpus room and views 
I did like the bathroom products I liked the chic feel of the place. I liked the restaurant setting so nice relaxing on the Thames after mad rush in London during the day. 
Interiors 
Super location located right on the Thames made to Feel at home with fantastic service, lovely stay 
Great location, 
Nothing Really 
Excellent location, good facilities, 
The room was perfect for the family. Breakfast was ok but confusion over when it finished 
Incredibly comfortable beds, Very large rooms, my husband and I were on the top floor with our own bathroom and large walk in closet and the boys had their own downstairs. Kids were 8 and 9 and had a blast. They were super impressed with the room On the write up. Air conditioning was not mentioned and therefore I just figured the hotel was not equipped with it an incredibly nice surprise when she walked into the room and a big waft of cold air hit us. The air conditioning was perfect, The accommodations couldn't have been better. We are at the restaurant for one dinner and we're quite disappointed with the quality for the cost poor value. The pool is dark and tranquil. Heavy chlorine Seems only kids use it, but because it is within the spa section, the employees kept asking for everyone to be quite veryhallenging. With 10 kids under 10. In an echoing environment, We all had fun. The location was super 5 min walk to the Louvre and right across the street from the park Definitely great, with kids Subway across the street. 
Good value and an upmarket hotel room in a converted, victorian house complete with air conditioning and a short walk to the train station. 
Comfortable bed and nice looking room Good toilet roll for once, which is always nice 
The nearness to the venue we attended, The bed was comfy and the room air conditioned 
When we arrived, we were shown a small room in the attic 4 flights of stairs. When I explained I was not too happy, they changed us to a ground floor, room twice the size at no extra cost. 
The Hotel is situated in a block of traditional english houses near the University Campus in Bloomsbury Very Close to the West End. The interior is nicely designed in a classic style. 
The staff were very friendly and polite. The single room was comfortable and thoughtfully laid out. A small thing that I particularly liked was that bottled water in the room which I drank was replaced by a fresh bottle when the room was cleaned, Something that many larger hotels fail to do. I think it reflects the attention to detail. The bed was comfy and the room on the back of the building very quite overnight, even though I had the window open, The decor is not the most contemporary but its a Georgian building and it suits the style. It was a great location and a good price for a central London hotel in July. I will definitely book again. 
The staff were lovely, nothing was too much trouble, Especially the young man who helped with our bags brought room service fixed our air conditioner unit. The beds were really comfy as well. Had a lovely night's sleep 
Great location, a nice dependant hotel, 
The location is very convenient. 
Service from check in to check out was great 
Conveniently placed for the West End and SoHo 
The bed was quite comfy Also, they serve three apples and a water everyday, which I thought quite nice. 
I liked the location and the friendly staff 
Reliable choice been here many many times for many years. 
The location was O K. The hotel is in a bit of a dodgy area. If you are the nervous type. The Gare du Nord Metro station line 4 was only a minute away from the hotel. The privilege room room we ended up with was spacious, had blackout. Curtains and the two side by side, king single beds, were extremely comfortable. 
Apparently undergoing a major reconditioning, so the entrance was hard to find and a little awkward but OK Room good Breakfast good 
Spacey and luxuorios room for a reasonable price in London, Very comfortable bed, and you have everything you need. The staff were all very service minded and helpful Nice pub on the ground floor of the hotel. 
Perfect and cozy room and nice staffs 
When we arrive at 14, one of our rooms was not ready and after 16, we got it. 
Good breakfast menu Friendly staff, 
The hotel is lovely and the rooms very well appointed and comfortable. The location is superb, But most of all the staff is excellent, helpful, friendly accommodating and knowledgeable. They make this excellent hotel even better 
Comfortable room with good, clean bathroom, Central location near Moorgate, 
Staff were very friendly, Room was fantastic and roof. Top bar was a great experience. 
Absolutely gorgeous hotel luxurious in every way, amazing bargain felt so expensive, great touch of bottle of red wine cake and fruit, free sent to the room and bottle of prosecco and cake for our friends, too glass of prosecco on arrival and apples to take as and when You liked Extremely friendly staff couldn't do enough. The bed was amazing, so big and comfy lovely hotel, 
Amazingly comfy bed and the whole stay was just perfect. Staff were very friendly and helpful and made to feel at home straight away. 
Decor was lovely Beds were comfortable 
The hotel was lovely amazing, bedroom and great view from the rooftop terrace. I especially liked the welcome glass of prosecco on arrival. 
Stayed here for the weekend with my mum and would highly recommend it. Overall. This is a beautiful hotel. It'S well located with good transport links and great shopping and food options nearby, and the staff are friendly and helpful at all times, In particular Decio at reception. When we were checking in and the concierge Daniel during our stay, There was a small issue with our room, but it didn't negatively impact our stay at all, as it was dealt with efficiently by the staff with almost no inconvenience to us. The lighting in the rooms is the standout feature and creates a beautiful and relaxing ambiance 
Nice view from the roof top 
Staff were amazing, Couldn't have done more for us. 
The entire stay was excellent. 
We received a room upgrade on check in so we had an extra large room which felt extremely private and comfortable 
Everything 
The moonlight in the bedroom and the rooftop bar and pool were lovely Also liked that we got a free glass of prosecco at reception. 
Quality room fittings added to the excellent room, finish value for money with additional features such as an expresso maker. 
Excellent helpful staff members 
The staff surprised us with their warmth and service, It was on par, We booked the largest room, so it was just amazing, Heated floors in the bathrooms Loved it here. 
Modern decor comfy bed, personal touches staff, were very polite: lovely to have turndown service 
Everything 
Close to the tube 
Location 
Attention to detail of the staff at reception and in the terrace bar was exactly as expected and appreciated. 
Very comfortable and so well prepared for the Prudential London Surrey, cyclists, secure bike store in the ballroom very knowledgeable bike mechanic on duty maps to get to the Olympic Park 20 minutes ride, away, cyclist breakfast from 4 00 am cyclists, buffet dinner or Italian restaurants. Few minutes walk away fast checkout The bed was very comfortable. The hotel was located in a very convenient position for this cycling event. It was quite expensive but worth it for the convenience and service The bike. Mechanic Steve was excellent. Nothing too much trouble and he gave great easy directions to the Olympic Park. 
Our stay at the Marriot was very comfortable 1st class. All staff very helpful and attentive always smiling to Most enjoyable and would certainly love to stay. There stay again Highly recommend it. 
Nice rooms, good location in Canary Wharf, we had a river view, room which was really nice. The staff were really nice adhered to. My requests Have stayed at the Marriott before 
The location of of the hotel 
Bed was comfy, room was spacious and staff were friendly. 
Bed was very comfortable. Staff were very helpful, friendly and welcoming the place was spotlessly clean, 
We were there for London Prudential Ride 100 First class service, which included an onsite bike. Mechanic Also had a welcome pack. Staff could not have been more accommodating Would use this hotel for the event. Every time 
Beds very comfortable, as was room 
After a stressful long journey to reach the hotel experiencing top quality service on arival was amazing. I was taking part in Ride London. The concierge lifted my bike out of the car and checked my partner in. Whilst I parked the car, They placed my bike in the ball room on a stand with a mechanic and all the tools to prepare for the race. All the staff were helpful, giving leaflets of race info. There was a special event evening meal and breakfast Marriot could not have been better. Thank you for taking the time and putting in the effort to look after the riders Really well done. 
Great organisation for bicycles, ready for RideLondon100 Nice goody bag, too 
Staff were friendly and helpful, food was delicious, location was great, 
Everything From location to services, to the hotel itself, 
Upgraded room to walk in shower room, lovely 
Very friendly staff who were gracious and extremely helpful, The hotel was spotless and the service was excellent. 
Did not eat in hotel 
Great deal for that fantastic place: 
Good staff 
Very clean comfortable room with excellent facilities. 
Easy to reach from tube and very clean and staff were very nice. 
Location 
Location 
But great location, Ali 
The staff were polite and very helpful and the location is brilliant. 
Very, very good: all round Room was spectacular with the oaf wonderful views of London Staff, brilliant. Even the girl who served us at breakfast had the biggest smile Well done. Hilton 
Everything was fine, 
The room was ready on our arrival about 11am, which was unexpected and helpful. 
The location of the hotel and staff 
Near to oxford street 
Excellent breakfast choice: 
Good facilities, Welcoming staff 
Loved the size of the family room Easily got four people and luggage 
The staff are really very nice, especially the restaurant staff and reception. They are very helpful. The location of hotel is very good because it's in edgware road, where all the arabic restaurant located 
Lots of eating choices, which were all good Staff, was friendly and efficient concerns addressed quickly. Concierge was excellent. Beds were comfy Hand held shower, was nice lots of hot water? 
The location of the place, the staff on the bar and hotel 
Always stay at this hotel due to the location and easy parking. We stayed in a family room for 5 and would recommend Nice size and big enough for everyone. Staff were lovely 
The buffet breakfast was amazing, Highly recommended, but go early Close to both Edgware Road tube station and a pick up drop off bus. Stop for several London bus tour companies. I e Golden Tours 10 15 minute walk to Marble Arc and Oxford Street for shopping. They did offer luggage storage until your room was ready. Don'T expect to get in early Spacious room Housekeeping was very prompt. 
Everything from the room to the halal breakfast selection, 
All it was good 
The service during breakfast and at check out 
Perfect place to stay, if you want to be located in central london, 
Every thing 
After a shaky start with getting the room type, we booked wrong. The gent Aranit on reception was a total diamond helping us weary travelers get the room we needed. 
The reception staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The wheelchair, accessible room was roomy with a large bathroom, including a shower chair. The continental breakfast had a good choice and set us up for a busy day of sightseeing 
The bed was so comfy and the coffee machine was amazing, Best hot chocolate. Ever The location was fantastic too 
The bed bedding were perfect Staff super helpful, informative 
Staff were very helpful. Polite Location was fabulous good value. 
I love the extra mile. The staff went for my partners, birthday We've been to over 10 hotels in central London. The Henry Viii is in our top 5. We will be back 
Location 
The location was excellent, Only a short walk to the tube station. 
The staff was nice, although it is quite strange to be in a English hotel and see only Spanish staff, sometimes struggling with English fluency 
Nothing stood out. 
Location 
The staff were amazing, so helpful and kind 
Location, quiet and convenient for Hyde Park Royal Albert Hall, 
Nice and clean 
Basic room but good value for money, Buffet style breakfast was good. Choice of English or continental Staff were helpful. 
Location staff pool 
Very smslll broken equipment Staff is very friendly. 
Location and price were excellent for London. Where else would you get a room with pool and sauna 
Breakfast was sufficient: 
Location, good 
Old fashioned 
Lovely big bed, Helpful staff View would have been lovely, but there was a scaffold. The hall where we had our breakfast made a interesting and delightful change. 
Modern immaculate bathroom Friendly reception, Nice decor, 
Definitely MORE than good enough, a real experience not to be missed. Even breakfast at hog, warts college hall and free upgrade 
Very powerful shower Handy location for start of Prudential Ride. London 
The bed was so comfortable, Great location near the Victoria Coach Station Victoria Station. We walked everywhere To catch tours. We only had to walk a few blocks Loved our stay at this hotel. 
The room was clean, spacious and had comfortable furniture, soft beds, lounge chair, The bathtub was large enough for soaking in and all room controls would be done via a touchscreen panel. The location is great: 4 minutes to Victoria Station for tube or rail 5 minutes from Westminster. Abbey 15 minutes to Buckingham Palace. 
Great location, near good public transport connection Hotel is good and comfortable. Nothing special 
Good breakfast buffet 
Dfgtdfgg 
Location gym breakfast 
Everything 
Good english breakfast 
Location 
Room Upgrade on Arrival, which was very spacious and a very high standard room. Nice quiet road with parking at Bloomsbury Square, very reasonable if booked in advance and less than 5 mins away Excellent location for sight, seeing theatre shopping All within 10 minutes by foot. 
Had an upgrade great and super value for money. Second, stay for me and will book again 
Club Quarters really grew on me as we stayed At first. The one room suite looked dark and smelled musty, but the large table, coffee, making equipment and the small fridge along with a nice bed and pull out sofa along with free bottled, water and ice on level. 2 swayed me On top of that. This hotel is in an outstanding location. 
Comfortable bed, fantastic location, Restaurant next door had good food and service Reception, helpful Water facilities, useful to be able to fill up bottles. 
Fantastic location, great staff, lovely basket for my friend's birthday will definitely be back Lovely coffee available all the time and cold water. Nice touch with the biscuits, Really comfy bed Great breakfast available next door. Thanks a lot Mattell 
Very friendly staff, Perfect location, Coffee and bottle of water as complimentary. Whenever you need it Cafes and restaurants, all around Definitely would stay again. 
Location is perfect. 
A good value hotel in a great location, 
Friendly staff all day, snacks counter 
Everything, The friendliness of staff, the rooms and all the facilities 
Fantastic location Having nibbles available in the morning and afternoon, was great 
From attentiveness to every little detail of guest comfort to superior help from front desk staff with anything at any time, this was truly a gem of a hotel Situated in a lovely Kensington neighborhood within 5 minute walk to Earl's Court tube station. I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay on. My first trip to London Highly recommend 
Terrific location, stylish room 
Very attentive staff, great location, good wifi, clean and inviting property 
Very convenient Small but clean room. 
Clean rooms, a bit small 
Just the best customer service you could wish for an amazing hotel, 
Comfy bed 
This hotel is tidy and clean and well organised, so it gave us good and comfortable sleep Breakfast also great 
The hotel is really close to transport and shops. The view was nice. 
Location is great on a nice street very near Earls Court tube station and good bars. Restaurants Breakfast is decent as well. 
The location is perfect, less than 2 mins walk to the underground. Our room was very small, but had everything we needed for a comfortable stay, The toilet is modern, clean and towels, provided were of good quality. Very soft, which i particularly liked. Bed and pillows were comfy 
Location 
Very central 
The hotel is in a quiet area and yet within easy walking, distance of Bayswater, Queensway and Paddington stations, The hotel is decorated in a modern, stylish manner inside The bedroom was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. We didn't use the restaurant so cannot comment on that Reception staff were friendly, helpful and welcoming 
Loc ation and staff 
The room was very clean: 
Location is excellent. 
Very comfortable boutique hotel with an excellent Chinese restaurant and very friendly and helpful staff. 
Service at dinner was excellent. 
The staff were extremely friendly and informative, went above and beyond. Our expectations Was able to check in earlier then stated, which was brilliant. The free, unlimited ferry ride back and forth was a brilliant perk. 
The deluxe rooms, overlooking the Thames, have great views. You can also open the windows properly, so the room stays cool and fresh Ferry great for getting across to the City and the restaurants. 
Love the hotel stayed before just didnt get the room i was expecting, but the staff did try to amend it. Limited amount of river view rooms with access to outside balcony 
Friendly and helpful staff, Comfort, Accessibility Facilities, Perfect location for use of public transport, including small ferry to Canary Wharf and back to hotel 
Location and ferry great 
Good facilities and lovely spot rooms were spot on On arrival. We were upgraded to a suite 
Breakfast was cooked well, with a lot of choice to cater for everybody. Rooms were clean, 
The food was nice, but expensive. 
Great choice of breakfast great location, easy access to Thames Clippers for a speedy ride into the centre of London. 
Fantastic breakfast 
Was very welcoming, do we reception staff 
Room with view of Thames Free ferry breakfast and welcome cookie 
The bed was amazing, Also upgraded room on arrival. 
The hotel was lovely and clean and the staff were very pleasant. 
Very friendly staff couldn't do enough, for you very helpful. Beautiful commodation will definitely be there again. 
Breakfast was fine, 
The staff were all extremely pleasant and helpful on my arrival. I was a little early, but the staff were very helpful in arranging a room for me, Room very clean and modern and excellent. 
Our first room was small and had noisy air conditioner units outside window. We complained. They moved us to the same grade, quieter room 1st night and 2nd night upgraded us to the club room. I would definitely stay again but book the club room from the off 
The beds were very comfy, 
Clean good breakfast comfortable bed, 
It'S in residential area walking distance from Paddington station also to other 2 tube locations, e g, Lancaster Gate and Bayswater Queensway. The hotel also provides complimentary phone, which is very convenient for local calls, browsing and google map 
Good breakfast and good location 
The location was great for our needs and the staff were helpful. 
Very clean, beautiful hotel Shower was amazing On returning very early hours of Sunday morning. The staff on duty were very pleasant and polite. 
The Hotel room and interior was very nice. 
Great neighbourhood near Hyde park, Room was clean, Bathroom was above average 
Very good location, good value for money; 
The bar staff were brilliant, it was almost end of the day for food, but they were more than willing to make our food 
Liked free newspaper 
Location is great 
Room and bathroom was very clean. 
Close to hyde park, 
The quietness in the room, 
The staff 
The room was a little bit small, but OK if you're out all day, Breakfast was more than OK. 
Bar area, location, 
Room very small 
Crisp white sheets Turn down service Daily supply of toiletries Smiles at the foyer door. 
Great location, clean rooms with good facilities, 
Room pleasant, 
Best hotel staff ever 
Thoroughly enjoyed my stay staff and service impeccable 
The location is good, The nearby park is nice and shopping center. Useful Good access to Metro and bus went directly but fairly slow to the Stade de France. 
The area close to Victoria station, but in a quiet street 
Liked the bar area and the restaurant 
Bed was comfortable view was perfect room service. Food was lovely, 
Views from the Sky bar are excellent. Tapas food was very good. 
Handy location, comfortable, good sized room, 
Absolutely fantastic place: 
The location of the hotel 
Excellent breakfast extremely helpful staff. 
Nice freshly cooked breakfast 
Small but comfortable 
Complimentary tea and biscuits Breakfast 
Fantastic location, opposite Greenwich Market and a short walk from the Cutty Sark. I liked the young man who let us in at 1am he was fab, Helped us to our room and ensured everything was OK. The cleaner was lovely, really happy and smiley 
I liked the location and access 4 min walk from the Greenwich. Pier Staff was friendly, 
Close to everything, Even the river to catch a boat taxi to the 02, only 8 mins on there 4. Each way I will be back at this place plus I will highly recommend it to friends who want to stay in Lindon. 
Good access, good quality Would recommend 
Nice pub 
Bed was very comfortable Check. Out was only at 12. Bar fridge was available, 
Food accommodation, very good 
The place was clean and was in a fantastic location. 
Our initial room was tiny and we payed extra and upgraded to the executive suite, which was lovely. The staff were helpful and accommodating The location was excellent and central. The view from of room was amazing. The bed was comfortable and croissants were good too 
Thanks to all team 
The location of the hotel was excellent. 
Accessible room good size, 
Great option for a hotel near Heathrow airport as its next to the station, where the Heathrow express stops at Good size room for London. 
Extremely comfortable Excellent security and attentive staff 
Loved our gorgeous French character room with French windows, which opened over a little balcony of flowers. We also enjoyed the guest lounge on ground floor with an honesty bar great to sit and enjoy a drink after a big day of walking. 
The ever friendly staff and the vintage touch 
Beautiful hotel in Central Paris just round the corner from Place de la Concorde and Concorde Metro Station Friendly staff, great service comfy rooms, with excellent bathrooms and quiet at night 100 recommend 
Great location, Great value, Great friendly service, 
The location was great near to shopping place. 
Very central and easy to get around 
The bed is very comfortable rooms in general are small but very nice, and have all that you may need The people at the front. Desk have been very kind and helpful. 
Good quality hotel, the room was very good: all fixtures and fittings top notch. Everything worked. I travel the world on business, a fair bit as well as holidays. This is one of the quietest and most comfortable rooms. I have stayed in the last 40years excellent 
Staff charming comfortable beds, 
Location Large bathroom, Comfortable beds, 
Very close to Camden, Lock and Market Excellent facilities rooms were spotless and helpful friendly staff. This was our first time stopping at a Holiday Inn and we're definitely going to be stopping there more often 
Bed was really comfortable had a lovely little note from housekeeping that made me smile, everything was clean, staff were polite and friendly hotel is in a great location, Would happily stay here again. 
Everything location is excellent. 
Friendly staff good with children, 
Perfect accessibility for disabled people Bathroom well fitted Great staff with great attitude. 
Helpful staff 
Good location parking available at 26 per day, 
The lobby is beautiful, and location is great, very central, 
The hotel was really clean and inviting and were even given a fresh cookie each on arrival We had a twin room which was comfy and spacious enough. For the two of us. Huge choice of breakfast available, including a cooked breakfast buffet style Location, was great for Westminster. It took us about 30 minutes to walk to the West End, which for us was absolutely fine. 
Used hotel many times over the years, good location for Westminster, area Rooms, comfortable and clean 
Very clean room bathroom with great towels, Very comfortable bed, quiet room; 
Close to the main tourist venues, Comfortable room Executive room gave access to the executive lounge where breakfast and evening drinks and snacks were available, making for good value. 
Very comfy bed, Excellent location, Ice machine, Staffvwry, helpful 
Very helpful staff and great service 
Quiet location, 
Location 
The bed was good and breakfast was delicious. 
Great Rooms and Breakfast front staff brilliant and helpful 
Great value for money very helpful, friendly staff, very clean, comfortable rooms will definetly stay again and recommend to friends and family 
Location 
Location is silent, n quiet, but only 10 min walk from underground Lot of shops on Main Street, so easy to buy regular things. 
Enjoyed my stay would recommend to my family and friends: 
On arrival, we upgraded to a Suite, which was a nice touch, Staff very helpful and pleasant 
I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel and when we had a problem with the sprinkler in our room, we were moved without delay. 
Room EXCELLENT SERVICE, FIRST CLASS ROOM VERY CLEAN AND TIDY 
All around great boutique hotel, 
Hotel location, 
Everything was really nice. 
Friendly staff very efficient service, accommodation, clean and well presented, and we enjoyef a room upgrade 
Bed was comfortable and breakfast was very good. 
Professional and courteous staff Morning, breakfast staff in particular 
Good size, room and good location, 
Location 
Despite the dated decor, the rooms are very ample and have windows that open as well as air conditioning The bed was comfy and the room was clean, though see my comments regarding the corridors. 
Staff very attentive, Remembered us from previous stays: 
Such a chic hotel, The rooms, especially the shower bed and pillows, were divine Slept wonderfully after spending the day walking around in Paris Its close to the metro not far from the city center and its in a really quite and calm neighborhood Loved this hotel. It will certainly be my first choice next time I visit Paris 
Unfortunately, we were not able to have any breakfast as we were catching the Eurostar and had to be at St Pancras by 6 30. Am The front desk tried to be helpful and hoped that we could be given a croissant, etc? If we went to the kitchen any time after 6am, This we did, but all we were given was a packet of Fruit and Nut Cereal and Alpen each Not a lot of use without milk. 
Space room, size and helpful staff offered me an extra bed without further charge. 
Proximity to King's Cross 
Friendly staff Space to store our luggage until it was time to check in 
Love the location with the many landmarks and museums within walking distance 
We were upgraded to a Club Room by the wonderful staff on Reception after a little mix up and it was lovely, The room was spacious, clean and the little extras made. It feel very special and added to our whole experience. The breakfast was really good and beautifully presented. The staff were very friendly and helpful Overall, a lovely stay. Thank you. 
Bed is very comfortable. 
Everything was great, 
Good location for the Royal Albert Hall, 
Great size, bedroom and comfy beds, Excellent location, 
Very nice breakfast at the restaurant inside the hotel, The staff was very helpful friendly. I would recommend this location to anyone. 
Was in a nice safe area, 
Really large bed really quiet room on second floor plus fresh orange juice machine at breakfast. 
The location was fantastic, as we were going to the Proms at the Albert Hall. 
Clean spacious room with comfortable bed 
Super friendly staff and great location, Walking, distance to Kensington Gardens and all the museums, 
Fabulous hotel in a great location Just near enough to the hussle and bustle, but far enough away, so that you wouldn't know it. We stayed in a twin room and we're pleased with the size of the room for two people. Decor was lovely and beds were very comfortable Staff, were brill Would stay again and would recommend 
Bed and pillows comfortable 
Wonderful experience, good location and friendly front desk 
Very good location and service 
Breakfast 
Great location, 
Location value of money, 
Room service was quick and the good was really good. 
The receptionists, Matilda and Patricia were so welcoming, Patricia even sent the most beautiful flowers to our room. I was given a choice of room and my request: when booking for a bath in the window was honoured, The whole stay was fantastic and worth every penny. 
Requested cot in room for Grandaughter, A beautiful basket of baby products and a Teddy Bear was beautifully placed within the cot. 
Very comfy beds, 
I loved everything at the Shangri La and would love to return. 
First class service very friendly and professional staff, 
Very high standard room Liked the little touches free bottle, water and fruit. I would certainly stay here again Ideal for Earls Court or The Olympia 
Vanessa, the receptionist was extremely helpful and noticed it had been my birthday the day before Vanessa, up graded our room added breakfast to our stay and had a chilled bottle of bubbly with a lovely hand, written note sent to our room to enjoy. I have travelled the world and this welcome has been the best one to date. The management should be over the moon to have her on the front desk. 
The room was clean and lovely for the price. It also included a microwave which was bonus. 
Enjoyed the sunny breakfast room, The staff cheerfully undertook any requests. We had eg clearing the fridge, so we could put fruit in it. The hotel was brilliantly situated for transport, making it easy to go to all the destinations. We were interested in 
It was clean and tidy Comfortable bed Clean, linen and towels. Both evenings 
The bathroom 
Helpful staff 
Very freindly staff 
Quiet 
Great location, 
There is an elevator in the building to get to the upper floors. This lift is very old and it is very, very difficult to open the gate to get in. It also takes a long time to go from floor to floor. There is always coffee, tea or soft drinks available from a lovely staff delivered to your room. The same is true for tea in the late afternoon. 
Restaurant and decore of room 
Very comfortable nicely decorated, great food, nice and quiet 
Staff were excellent, Hotel, looked recently refurbished and was very modern, Great for ride London close and arranged early breakfast 5am 
The bed was comfortable, the restaurant food and staff were awesome. The lounge was great, although a bit cold, 
I liked the comfy bed how clean the room was: the fact that the gym was free and available 24h 
Clean well appointed comfortable and quiet 5 minutes walk from Station and 10 minutes from QE2 Olympic Park. Staff are very helpful and food is decent. Rooms are quiet and comfortable 
We were cycling in the PrudentialRide100 Return visit due to the warm welcome and seamless service received. Last time Was not disappointed, Excellent front of house staff Incredibly accomodating, especially as they were so busy with so many cyclists and bikes arriving on Saturday pm Well done front of house team. 
Service was amazing, The staff couldn't do enough to help the facilities were fantastic and the Wi Fi was faster in the room than the general one Loved it 
Friendly staff and great with bikes, etc. 
Comfortable beds, good location, near tube stations and Olympic park, 
Breakfast Room size, Staff, AC Bed, 
Lovely room and bathroom 
Very comfortable 
Great staff 
Everything Modern in every sense The bed was amazing, Will be staying here. More often, 
The bed was extremely comfy. I worked so hard and took 2 weeks off in London, and the bed was definitely one of the best. I'Ve slept on ever 
Lovely building, big rooms, convenient location, The staff were obviously proud of the place. 
The bar was pretty impressive: they have the original cells from when it was a Court House. The staff were brilliant, we checked in early so they held our luggage and took it to our room. When it was ready, The room was a great size. We had an upgrade and so clean 
The room was lovely and clean with plenty of space. Bathroom was lush, They even leave a brolly in your room in case it rains when you go out. 
Staff extremely helpful and friendly 
Pool was fantastic Staff, lovely Room, big and comfy 
Brilliant staff friendly and helpful great room could not fault it. 
Location and Interior Design 
Location, great staff, friendly 
Well placed property in the centre of London close to the British Museum, The Staff is welcoming and helpful and basic needs are dutifully attended. 
Easy access to all attractions in London, Nice, quite location, 
Location 
The first night, very noisy, with group of people stood outside below our first floor room and kept us awake The second night. The party of people had left so all was quiet and we could sleep. 
I loved how clean the room was very impressed with how helpful the staff were. Will definantly go again. 
Good FOOD 
View from room and size of room, great 
Spacious and clean 
Very modern, clean and comfortable hotel, Excellent location with great transport links, but even so area around hotel, relatively quiet at night. So weren't, disturbed Choice of good continental or cooked breakfast Have stayed in a lot of hotels in London in this price range and would definitely stay again. 
Really nice room and the staff were very professional and understanding. I'D had an operation the day before and was stuggling, so they extended my checkout free of charge. 
Room service, great staff, polite room, couldn't swing a cat inside bathroom, tiny bed, comfty location, perfect to where I wanted to be. I wouldn't stay again, but it's not the worse place. I'Ve stayed in London, 
The bed was so comfortable and slept really well also found the staff really helpful. 
Easy accessibility to the property Staff was good. Breakfast was as good as expected of paddington. 
The single room could accommodate two, so, although small it was well appointed, The staff were quick to respond and helpful. It was most helpful to be able to leave luggage before checking in time. 
Room was a bit small, Otherwise very nice, with good continental breakfast and very good staff ready to help on any matter. 
Good location for tube and bus links, 
Staff friendly and sorted an issue with the air conditioning quickly. 
I, like cleen of room 
Friendly staff, The elevator was working Good bar restaurant facilities, 
Good location, 
Good hotel, good location for train to airport Good breakfast helpful staff, 
Yes, very basic room and breakfast helpful staff and easy to find 
Location and breakfasts were good. 
We were delighted, in particular by the high calibre of the staff. They were always extremely polite, friendly, helpful and highly efficient. They were always anxious to do their best for the hotel's guests. The hotel management clearly takes customer care very seriously. Indeed, The Chesterfield Mayfair provided superb service and an excellent experience. We found that the hotel was outstanding in every key department. The hotel far exceeded our expectations. 
Staff was very friendly, great location, good British atmosphere in the hotel, 
Loved this hotel best stayed at ever Home away from home. 
The location was perfect, The beds were really comfortable, Excellent, shower 
Room was pleasant and cosy Situated in a good spot. 
Location 
Nice location, 
Very comfortable bed Clean room, Quiet but close to everything area. The Natural History Museum. Just a few minutes away on foot 
The classic design, the comfort bed, the spacious rooms and the nice staff 
Staff were amazing, 
Excellent staff and location - superb 
The single room was the size of a bathroom Unliveable 
The bar open late and serving food that made a perfect little meal, Quick service, good choice, Location next to the Battersea park, just across the road, Very easy to reach the hotel by bus good to know if you are actually living in hotel and going there for A city break, for instance, 
Very comfy and very close to Battersea Park, which is well worth spending a couple of hours walking round. 
The staff was very service minded and super friendly, Very nice, interiors and decoration The beds were extremely comfortable. The breakfast had very superior quality to normal breakfasts. At other hotels, We took the Heathrow Express 15 minutes to Paddington and it is around 10 minutes, walk to the hotel very easy and fast way to be in the middle of the centre. Real fast. The area is extremely quiet and nice, 3 minutes from Lancaster gate station, red central line and bus nr 94 to Oxford street. We had a superior room with very nice view to a garden. We will definitely choose Arbor for our next visit to London, Free wifi and safe in the room. 
Great staff, lovely rooms and a good continental breakfast 
Excellent location, next to the Hyde Park very good connection, bus tube. It is even possible to walk to from the city center Surprisingly good breakfast Top class Italian caff next to the park entrance Friendly staff. 
Great location, Good size, family room in Europe, 
Stylish decor and great location right on bus route to Oxford, Circus and Picadilly Circus. The continental breakfast was excellent. Double bed was big and comfortable, Lovely bathroom 24 hour desk 
Went out of their way to help us as we had mistakenly booked for the wrong night. 
Stafff was very accommodating. Hotel is located in the center of financial district, Complimentary snacks and waters in the mini, fridge, Walking distance to great restaurants, pubs and Tower of London. 
Staff were really helpful and even picked up chocolates as I booked the room for my boyfriends birthday. Room was super clean and shower was amazing. 
Bed shower and location 
Hotel staff were very nice and cooperative, including the manager Breakfast was very good and specially the staff, organizing the breakfast was perfect Location is perfect from every point of view. 
Good location with easy access to several Metro stations, Nice neighborhood, with good selection of restaurants and bakeries within easy walking, distance, Good value for money Room was clean and bed was comfortable. Air Conditioning worked well Friendly staff. 
The size of room and location of hotel was perfect for a great stay in 17thArd 
Great location, Near metro lines and the arc de triumph Friendly staff and clean rooms, 
Double bed was really comfortable. Staff were extra pleasant, 
The location of the hotel is perfect, Close to Malyborne high street many options of bars, restaurants and 10 minutes walking distance from Oxford Street. We had the Duplex room, We had nice city view. The reception was in another building which, on one hand, makes you feel like home, similar to apartment building but less comfortable. When you need to go there, 
Excellent location, if you want to be a street away from Marylebone High Street and just a few minutes away from Baker, Street Oxford, Str, etc, Small room in line with central London accommodation, but still comfortable, smart and compact layout. Having said that, it did say it in the description i e minimalistic design, but for a short stay I did not mind since the room was overall, very clean. The room did not have a view, but it was very quiet, Very friendly stuff. 
Comfy bed, Large area 
Lovely big room, Location, excellent and very friendly staff. 
Liked having a fridge in the room and the aircon 
Position of hotel near local attractions, bars shops, restaurants, 
Excellent breakfast rooms adequate for a short stay, Lovely bottle of Presecco in the room as wife's birthday. 
Perfect location, decent sized twin room, great shower 
The room was very clean and the size was also good. 
The location is unreal. It without doubt would bring me back to the hotel 
Staff were very friendly and helpful, Fabulous location, Decor in public rooms, excellent Breakfast 11 out of 10 
Location 
The location Short walking distance to either Covent Garden or Charing Cross Tube Stations, Good choice, if you are going to the theatre, Shaftsbury Avenue, Leicester, Square, Covent Garden, all within walking distance Price Reduced At around 120 a night. This was excellent value for a West End located hotel, but check as prices do vary, Staff Always accommodating 
All staff were courteous: 
Good selection of hot drinks available in the room and they refreshed the mineral water each day, 
Great location, 
Great location, great value and a pretty good hotel to boot. Nice 
The proximity to the rest of London, Central 
Location 
Location friendly staff, 
The cookies 
Was pleasantly surprised at the size of the room When booking it was classed as cosy, so was expecting a very small room, but this was not the case. 
Excellent staff, Good breakfasts and dinners 
Location price and breakfast 
Location and breakfast Gin palace good, too 
I have stayed here few times. I love the location, 
Excellent location for Olympia, Friendly and helpful staff, Comfortable room 
Liked the bar area in the evening I thought it would be packed, but it was just right Close to the Olympia for LFCC Tea and toast, for breakfast was nice, except they brought me my tea instead of me, going to get as much as I want, But I'M sure they'd give more. If you ask Really pleasant staff except the concierge who took our bags in Miserable and didn't say anything to us Could have at least let us know what on earth to do Or a minimum a good morning. Madam sir, I liked the seating area in reception. It meant we were waiting for our train out of the rain in a comfortable chair. 
The breakfast was very nice and good for all types of people. 
The staff was very kind and efficient, the room was nice and the location is perfect if you want to stay in Kensington, Just a couple of minutes from Olympia, Fair ambient 
The staff were excellent: 
Bed and pillows very comfy Was very pleased that the room had iron ironing board and hairdryer 
Location 
Location for exhibition centre, 
Size of room and comfort, 
Location 
Breakfast was good value. 
Quiet neighbourhood short distance to Hyde park and tube stations. 
Very comfortable bed, very friendly staff, 
Cleanliness and neatly appointed room Very efficient and friendly staff. 
A beautiful welcoming hotel in the smartest part of London 
Location was very good for a leisure trip to Londons tourist areas and fast access to metro, 
Location was excellent, Room was clean and bathroom extras were good. Staff were very friendly and helpfull 
Wonderful staff, attentive and helpful, Especially loved the surprise birthday cake, 
Staff and location were excellent. 
The staffs were really helpful and upgraded us to a twin beds instead of double bed. Thanks 
Excellent location and accommodation 
Location 
I have stayed here many times, always nice 
Very perfect: 
Room is functional, but plugs didn't work. 
The hotel is located centrally and only four minutes walk to the metro station. There are some eating places located on the strip where the metro is located. The staff at the hotel were also very kind and helpful. Storing our suitcases. 
Bed: 
I liked the cooperation of the staff porters were so kind 
There was a bottle of prosecco and box of chocolates left in the room for us. As I had mentioned, it was my boyfriend's birthday. This was a lovely touch Loved the bath in the bedroom. It gave the room a quirky, feel 
The location of this hotel was excellent About two minutes: walk to Covent Garden underground Staff were helpful, Room was clean and modern. 
Great location, Very clean and pleasant staff Overall, an attractive hotel, 
Great location, very quiet, 
Excellent location near Covent Garden and theatres on a quiet road 
Good room, good bed, good bathroom, Every one was nice. 
The staff and the location of the hotel are amazing, 
The location was good, 
Location 
Air con didn't work and bed was so uncomfortable. 
I ate in the Restaurant on my stay and the food was awful. Pizza had a mountain of cheese and large chunks, as opposed to slices of chicken Steak, was pink in the middle, even thought it was requested to be well done. Chef would be fired under my watch. Absolutely awful. The girl who served me in the restaurant ask me to forgive her for being inefficient as she was under training really poor customer service, not surprised restaurant was empty Other than this. The hotel and staff are really great. Staff on reception are exceptionally helpful and efficient. The restaurant and it's staff, especially those in the kitchen, are what let's, this hotel down. 
The hotel was really really awesome, like 4 5 stars everywhere, clean and tidy all furniture is new and modern staff, very friendly wifi top level. I will book in the future. Again Everything was perfect. 
Modern chic but cosy Staff are terrific Rooms, impressive, Been on the road for two months, and this is the best hotel. I'Ve stayed in 
We received special treatment for my wife's birthday, Substantial room upgrade and complimentary champagne and chocolate gifts. A very enjoyable stay, as always 
Style and decor 
Staff, warm and friendly excellent Food was fabulous. 
Excellent location and helpful staff 
The things that I liked are the free minibar and the friendly staff, and also how clean the rooms are. 
The hotel is close to everything and the staff is amazing. They were friendly and very helpful. The breakfast is excellent. We had cocktails at the bar, which I would rate as 5 star. We will definately stay at this hotel again and I would recommend it to anybody. 
The staff were very efficient, knowledgable and friendly. The hotel bed and linen were first class and the bathroom was very modern and functional. 
The hotel is easy to get to by clipper or by tube DLR. It is really clean and classy and the staff are brilliant. Super efficient and helpful. The facilities on offer are very good, and the rooms and bar restaurant have excellent views of London. I have never stayed in such a quiet room before and the bed was very, very comfortable. Unfortunately, we were there for Ride. London 100, so didn't have time to use the pool and had to leave very early in the morning 5. 45Am. So didn't get to make the most of what the hotel had to offer. Our room rate didn't include breakfast, but the hotel put on a complimentary breakfast for people taking part in the event which I thought was a really nice touch. They also have an outdoor store for bikes, which was invaluable to us. 
Rooftop bar for drinks, in the eve 
I loved the breakfasts such a variety and quality ingredients. This made me very happy in the morning plus the view in the restaurants are spectacular and a warm wake up. In the morning Thumbs up. We were treated very well staff, very courteous and the Interior design very stimulating to look at very well put together. Another thumbs up. 
The bathroom 
Great views of London, excellent service and a pristine room Will definately be back. 
Selection at Breakfast 
Everything location, 
Location was great and presentation was fantastic. 
Wifi, great William, the desk staff were very nice. 
Bed very comfy, very clean, Excellent breakfast, especially the fresh fruit and greek yoghurt. 
Helpful and friendly staff really fresh pastries in the coffee shop, Spectacular views from the 7th floor bar 
The welcoming atmosphere when I entered the hotel It really felt like coming home, where the staff was waiting for. You Wish that more hotels would be like this Great job. 
Know CitizenM from stays at their hotel in CDG, Paris, Airport Love, the concept and design of the hotel and the rooms, Everything you need in the Canteen for breakfast or an evening drink. The Bar on the 7th floor is amazing, Great location to have a drink with friends. Looking upon the Tower and the Skyline of the Citiy of London, Big comfy bedding 
View of the shard was amazing. Bed was very comfy room, so small. The bed was literally wall to wall iPad, with controls for lights, temperature, etc. Was great. 
The hotel is literally right next to the metro. More like the hotel building is part of the metro, so you are right there. Citizen M is very innovative and modern Rooms, small, but they have everthing. You need Well designed, so it feels much bigger than what is actually is Everything is the room is automated, so you can adjust with the ipad mood lighting temperature and use the TV Technology very fast, internet, great offer of TV channels and movies Restaurants. The rooftopbar has a stunning view over London, Great cocktails and fun foods Downstairs. The breakfast and lunch have various options from very healthy to some indulgence food In the evening. You have a great bar downstairs as well Lobby great place to relax and chill, and after breakfast you even have a hotel bakery that offers snack through out the day. All in all, it was a really great stay. Staff was friendly from check in to check out everything worked well. When I had questions, they were eager to help me quickly. When I am going back to London, I would def stay here again. 
Views from the bar were stunning Good to have a small fridge Thanks for the free water, Very large and comfortable bed, I pad to control lighting tv, blinds, etc. Location is brilliant. 
Convenience to Tower Hill tube 15 steps away for use of central and district lines; location to tower bridge and southbank; super cool vibe in hotel, free movies, daughter, loved lights, etc; controlled by iPad Floor 7 bar with amazing views of gherkin Thames Tower of London tower bridge And shard Super comfy huge bed x, 
Clean room, comfortable bed Can't think of anything else. Good 
Room was very clean. 
Hotel is very hip and trendy Great views from 7th floor. Lounge bar 
Right above Tower, Hill station, very modern and design is on point Apple. Tv is a plus 
Funky feel of the hotel, Great bar, overlooking tower bridge great location next to tube station 
The bed was very comfy and everything was immaculately, clean, 
Location, amenities in lobby, access to public transit, amazing roof bar 
I would like the hotel in the central London and the top floor of bur, and that was a beautiful place. 
Outstanding location and very modern hotel with superb deco and views 
The hotel design is very nice. 
Smart rooms and easy access to facilities, 
Location 
Meets the most fundamental requirements of a good hotel for me: 1 Great staff, 2 Clean and comfortable room 3 Great shower 4 Great breakfast 
Modern environment, 
Very comfortable bed and laid back atmosphere 
All good 
Location view, comfort, staff and the environment of the hotel Extras like books in the room, as well as in the common areas. 
All good Quiet room, 
Great place even heating on the floor in the bathroom, which is awesome when we have caught the rain. 
The splendid of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff and the Location 
Staff was very friendly and helpful Room was very clean and extremely quiet Didn't hear any noise from other rooms or the hall. Any of the five nights we stayed here. Location was great for my conference. At the QEII center Room service was available 24 hours, which was great the first night we arrived 
My family member was my mother. This trip was to celebrate her 90th birthday. The staff were excellent, they went above and beyond their brief for us. My only concern was the shower being over the bath, making it impossible for mum to have a shower. I have related this concern to the hotel, who have responded very quickly with assurance. It will be looked into and proposed as an improvement to consider. I am overall, very happy with the entire trip 
I liked the court yard garden 
Good Location, nice lobby, restaurants and facilities, etc. Great Internet and great staff 
Everything in the Taj is setup to make you feel like royalty. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The hotel itself is classy and breaths style and comfort. I will definitely visit the Taj soon again. 
Location was great and room was very comfortable, Beautiful courtyard in the middle 
The piano bar was so relaxing 
Great location, peaceful, considering central london 
The desi touch in London 
I, like the city very nice, 
Location, concierge staff, 
Everything 
This hotel is a historical building, The common areas are well preserved and beautiful. The service was friendly, yet elegant, 
Staff were helpful, able to store luggage after checkout Great location, easy walk to tube 
The room was a touch small, but the concierge staff made up for it. They were so nice, Always a smile and a nice word. 
Location Interior 
Good location, 
Nice little hotel perfectly located close to the quartier latin refurbished rooms with beautiful wooden floor, great value for money. 
Just a nice place to stay good air, con, great location, friendly staff, quiet bedrooms, Great dinner, at nearby Broadway market, a great nights, sleep 
The room was clean and decent After reading reviews on trip advisor, we were hesitate to stay as a previous guest had complained about bed bugs. We checked the mattress when we got there and it was clean and bedbug free. We were NOT bitten in the night. Our stay was ok, It was a good location to Shoreditch 
Exceptionally helpful staff, Nothing was too much trouble. 
Good sized room with complimentary fridge, 
Hotel was very accomodating regarding bike storage, 
Good staff shoreditch is well lively. 
Staff location, clean room, 
Lovation 
The staff was very helpful. The room is well decorated and big enough. They offer free cell phone, which you can use during your stay. You might use it as a backup phone. The hotel is close to 2 tube stations. You can walk both in 5 minutes. 
My favourite location in the heart of Barbican and the City quiet at night, modern facilities, extremely comfortable bed welcoming stuff, Fresh fruit and water, are supplied every day. 
Good continental breakfast excellent quality room, comfortable bed, great bathroom, enjoyed The Jugged Hare. 
The staff was really helpful, The room was quiet, nice, modern and big 
Ideal location for visit to the Barbican, Literally just around the corner, 
Excellent service, a classic hotel with modernised decor in the rooms 
Big bed 
Staff were absolutely amazing. They made a special occasion even better, for us couldn't recommend this hotel. More will definitely stay again. 
Staff were fantastic, really friendly, breakfast very good loads to choose from great area very central to museums and other attractions Restraints and shopping areas. 
Size location towards the main centre and the attractions 
Great atmosphere, great location, surrounded by landmarks and places to eat cant go wrong. 
We stay at this hotel every year, as the staff and hotel itself are excellent. 
Location of the hotel is excellent. Reception staff are well traind. There was a very helpful staff and I thank her for that. 
The location and the staff who were very accomodating 
Location 
Comfortable bed Clean room, Excellent location, 
Lovely furnishings, spacious and excellent location. 
Lovely staff bed was so comfortable could of stayed longer. 
Gorgeous hotel Has an exclusive feel my husband and I were made to feel important as soon as we came in The concierge Andrew could not be more helpful. The staff in the rooftop resturant were also friendly and attentive. Although we didnt use it, the swimming pool was a nice touch, The hotel bedroom was well set out, it was our anniversary and we were left some lovely sweets and a card which was very thoughtful. The comfortable beds, huge tv, large bathroom and shower come steam room cool retro touches all added to the mood of the place. We danced the night away in the live music room For a new hotel. The Curtain really surpassed my expectations and deserves every one of its 5 stars. 
The staff were fantastic, It was our honeymoon and they really looked after us. It'S very stylish, too Highly recommend 
Lovely luxury hotel close to tourist spots, 
Staff extremely helpful, Very nice, bedroom and good spa. The bar is a good place to relax and have a drink good value for money. 
20, not good value for money. Everything seemed over cooked or under cooked, very poor 
The pool and jacuzzi 
Clean well equipped great views. 
This is my second time staying the weekend at Tsuba with my partner, We've stayed at several other 4 star Parisian hotels in this price range, and this is the best. The staff are very welcoming and helpful. The decor of the hotel is modern and very well done. The rooms are a good size and the beds are incredibly comfortable. The bathrooms with a tub are a good size. The rooms are well furnished and about 18 20 sq'm, which is great for Paris. The sauna hammam was amazing and clean. The whole hotel is serenity. An easy escape from the masses but still centrally located, 
Clean modern, fantastic central, London location, 
Perfect sized room in central, very close to all london attractions, 
Bed linen and duvet and pillows amazing, Great with loads of plugs everywhere. 
It was absolutely amazing the staff where great - and we even got upgraded - it was great - definitely recommend it. 
Clean room 
Great hotel highly recommend 
Quiet and convenient Swimming pool is a bonus. 
The staff couldn't have been more helpful. I took my pet chihuahua with me. They had made her a bed in our room and put bowls out ready for our arrival. The hotel facilities are out of this world Went out in the evening and when we came back, the staff had already changed our towels and brought us fresh bath. Robes We thoroughly enjoyed staying at this hotel. 
Well, situated easy street parking close to bars, restaurants Mix up over the booking, but staff put us us at ease offering coffee. Whilst it was sorted, Very pleasant. 
Stylish and comfortable with a great restaurant Staff are extremely friendly and helpful. 
Terrible service, I only wanted a coffee and I was largely ignored, while they excitedly got ready for a celebrity guest. 
Location and breakfast 
Location is good lots of shops and restaurants close by nice pool big gym. 
I had an express breakfast, which was lovely 
Friendly staff, nice room, spa treatments, location attached, bar 
In this hotel have a bedbams, I have bitten by so many times Hotel. I did complain to staff. They didn't bother to reply me anything. My arms are so low, so bad 
Fab, restaurant very friendly staff, all excellent 
Location was good near the action in London. 
Location 
I especially liked the cheerful helpful staff Everyday. They greeted me with a cheery good morning and when I returned, they said welcome back in such a nice genuine way My room was always immaculate. The bathroom was nicely cleaned and fittings best and shiny The manager. During my stay was a Mr Savio sp and he was so helpful to me every day. His attention to detail was second to none. And'O really felt he genuinely cared that my trip was a success and that I was comfortable. This is a very neat and pleasant hotel with excellent professional staff. 
The staff were very friendly, helpful 
The staff were very friendly and welcoming Very good location close to the business venue. 
Staff very, very friendly and keen to accommodate guests request Room clean and window opened, which is not always possible at hotels Not far from the tube stop. 
Good clean property in a nice location, 
Very friendly, helpful staff, Delicious complimentary fruit, cookies in room Lovely toiletries in bathroom Beds, very comfy, 
There was no internet connection or TV services due to a power outage affecting the street during the entire time of my stay. I appreciate that the hotel administration didn't have much to do for this issue, but the only thing they offered to me was a free bottle of Evian from minibar. They should've done more to compensate for this problem. 
Clean and tidy rooms Staff was super friendly and provided a precise guide of places to visit and restaurants to eat at They were very efficient in dealing with. Our requirements Will definitely stay there again. 
The staff were extremely nice and helpful. 
The staff were really friendly, We were there for the Ride, London and they were very helpful. The room was a good size and clean. We left too early for breakfast, but the restaurant looked nice 
We stayed at the Holiday Inn during a weekend trip to London to attend Afropunk Music Festival. It was conveniently located for an easy trip to the venue. It was also an easy walk to Brick Lane for a lively community feel It was also incredibly reasonably priced for a London hotel. 
Nice room 
Staff and a walk to The Royal London Hospital 
Our room was ready when we arrived at 10am, We were upgraded to a delux. Double Birthday was celebrated with complimentary cake, fruit and water. Breakfast was plentiful and delicious. 
Restaurant and staff service ambiance 
Nice staff well located and generally comfy 
We liked the location of the hotel food was good and staff very helpful. We went to a concert at the o2, which was very easy and quick to get to from the hotel. 
Beautiful room looking directly over the Thames and o2 Big bed very modern throughout and a huge bath. Looking over the Thames too Great breakfast in very nice terrace room Very helpful friendly staff. Valet parking excellent, too 
The staff was always smiling and polite made. U feel, welcome. 
The free room upgrade on arrival: the free courtesy, bus, very helpful staff, 
Everything all was perfect could not ask for more 
Everything was clean and very modern. 
Clean 
The hotel was in a good location, super close to the tube station Check in was super easy and the staff were very helpful. We were given complimentary breakfast at Jamie's Italian. The restaurant attached to the hotel Breakfast was AMAZING and the coffee was brilliant super important. If you ask me, The hotel was very accommodating of our late flight and gave us late check out until 2 pm complimentary 
Location Breakfast 
Bedroom was great with all mod cons that you could need. 
Everything about this hotel is perfect. 
Friendly and accommodating staff Proximity to Wembley stadium, Onsite parking 
Location staff and cleanliness are all good Good value of room in London. 
The service was great, the staff were very attentive. We had a lovely weekend, couldn't ask for more 
The Location is excellent Everything so convenient Malls grocery and London Outlet good place to hang out. 
The room was immaculate, 
Breakfast was ok, but not much. Variety. 
Everything was good, 
This is an absolute gem in the coty center High on service and style Aust for a couple's retreat. 
The whole experience of staying at the Sanderson is outstanding, Not the cheapest, but certainly up there with the best and after all, you get what you pay for. 
Brilliant staff 
So CLOSE TO OXFORD, ST COOL TRENDY HOTEL WITH GREAT ROOMS AND FACILITIES, 
The bar and general buzz Great location and very friendly staff. 
Great staff very welcoming and so helpful 
It'S just a room to sleep, I'm not sure about the 4 stars thing, But great location, close to tube station and just few minutes walk to restaurants. Coffee shops bars and Shopping. Mall. 
The staff were bery, nice and friendly and very dedicated staff professional too. All of the staff recipitionist froom portman to the manager 
Excellent location for sight, seeing in London 
Convenient location for my stay 
The beds were comfortable 
Location 
Friendly helpful staff, Cosy room and comfy beds, 
Location 
Every thing specially the stuff 
The little kitchenette was good with the coffee machine for late night drinks. The furnishings all looked modern and clean 
We had a bedroom plus another room which had a small sink and fridge as well as a fold out bed We comfortably had 3 adults. A family could also use it 2 in the bedroom and 2 smaller kids in the pull out bed. During the day, we folded the pull out bed back in to give us more room. We also specifically booked close to Paddington to walk to the train. 
Best location, The stuff were exclent friendly and helpful for everything. The room was very clean. 
I totally loved the shower and the location of the hotel 
Breakfast room and garden very good Lovely to have breakfast outside 
Parking and the location the beds were comfortable. We were given complimentary breakfasts because of the poor bathroom facilities. The staff were very helpful. 
Everything 
We only stayed 1 night but thoroughly enjoyed the evening. 
Very friendly and efficient staff 
The room was stunning, bed was really comfy and the size of the room was brilliant. The decoration of the hotel was nice too, quite grande. The late check out is also a plus 
Check in speed of lifts sitting area in house umbrellas, 
Lovely hotel, great staff, 
Staff are great Lovely room Really liked the see through bathroom wall. 
The bed was wonderful room, lovely bathroom, really, nice Staff very friendly and helpful 
Extremely comfortable bed 
Comfy bed and nice fruit, bowl 
Complimentary wine, fruit, chocs Great staff, 
Great location, great staff, 
Venue 
Roomservice The room was very nice. I was very happy with the bottle of water on the room. The breakfast was good. The barman's cocktails are the best Really recommended. 
Lift security system needing room card to work, The pool area was lovely too 
The staff were very efficient and friendly and solved our queries quickly: Great location for the tube station 
Staff were extremely helpful. I like a firm bed, so I slept very well. The air conditioning cooled quickly and easy to adjust Shower was reasonable size, not the tiny booths that you find in some places. Breakfast assortment was pretty good and they would accommodate special requests. 
The staff at the reception was really friendly and was always giving me information about the city and where to find things 5 star service, 
Upgrade provide, which was most welcome, Very friendly staff, Revecca 
Staff very helpful, nothing to much trouble. 
The interior was nice, the rooms where small and cute 
Good location, 
Only a continental breakfast, although nice, a hot breakfast, would have been nice without the extra charge. 
One room is enough for four people: The staff will come to your room to manage the sofa bed. 
Location good for our needs staff friendly and helpful 
The rooms were lovely, The breakfast was wonderful Staff, helpful and happy 
The location was excellent, Even though there was an acid attack on Upper Street. The day before I felt totally safe in the neighborhood 
Very clean hotel with everything you could need In an excellent location and the Upper street car park is fantastic being underneath the Hilton and you get discounted rate of 1 per hour, Smooth checking in and out Highly recommended. 
Right location, 
Staff friendly, perfect location to all transport 
The room was quiet and the bed comfortable. The hotel is very well located for the Albert Hall. 
The room was clean water pressure, an temprature in the bathroom was good, Wifi was quick and location was excellent. 
The room was very clean and nice and new. We had a lovely view out to the park and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. 
Location adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Station was very convenient, Bathroom well appointed 
Bed very comfy Lovely to have bourbon biscuits with my tea 
Price and location 
Facilities available, cleanness of the property 
The room was exceptionally clean and the location excellent, A tree lined road, which was very pleasant and the property was set back from the traffic noise. 
Room is too small and facing not at the street 
Close to Paddington station and underground Clean Nice shower Comfy bed. 
Going home Good bathroom, It had less claustrophobia than the bed room. 
Despite the Central London location, the hotel was very quiet and perfectly situated for anyone like me, who requires somewhere decent to stay the night after attending the late show and the late late show at Ronnie Scott's, which is just a few yards away. Although a little small, the single room in which I stayed was spotlessly clean, had an extremely comfortable bed, a large television on the wall at the foot of it, which I didn't have time to use and a small adjoining washroom shower that can only be described as Luxurious, I didn't arrive at the hotel until 9, 15pm and after having a quick drink at the bar. I left for Ronnie Scott's at 10 00pm and didn't return until just after 3 00am, when I crawled into bed and slept like a log until my pre arranged. Wake up call at 10 30am A thoroughly enjoyable experience, as a result of which I have no hesitation. In highly recommending this hotel to anyone who proposes to stay in this part of London either as a tourist or like me as someone whose function doesn't end until long after their last train has departed. 
Bed was amazing and loved the luxury of it all. 
Right in the centre of Soho 
Comfy bed good shower good bar 
Convenient location 
The breakfast was very good with lots of choices to suit everyone. 
The location of the hotel is really good to those who want to be close to Oxford Street 
The entire stay was a disaster. The only positive aspect was the location the hotel is situated centrally. There are no other redeeming features: 
Comfortable and reasonably well equipped rooms, Rooms ar rear are quiet but outlook a bit grim. 
Comfortable beds and shower 
The hotel may be a bit far from the city center, but it is very near 2 subway stations different lines and there are bus, stops right outside the hotel. Making it very easy to get around The hotel lobby is big and impressive. The staff was friendly check in was fast and smooth. Our room was nice and comfortable with a view of Shepherds Bush Park, Although we were on a main street, our room on the 5th floor was quiet by day and by night. 
The reception counter staff are freindly and helpful. They offered us great help in changing rooms due to a broken mirror. 
Staff are excellent and made us feel very welcome. We'Ve stayed here a number of times and it never disappoints. 
Great location, 
Was good value for money, room good, been a little bigger 
Staff were extremely accomodating. Emails were answered promptly prior to arrival staff arranged airport transport for us allowed us to checkin early and checkout late, provided a refrigerator in the staff room where we could store. Milk for baby gave us food when we showed up late for breakfast and they were cleaning up. The hotel was extremely clean. The shower worked well as a bathtub for a toddler just plug the drain with a towel. Crib was provided as soon as we arrived. Unlike many places where you have to wait a day or continue to bug, they helped us in and out of the entrance daily with the stroller, and let us keep it in the lobby. Hallways and doorways are narrow compared to North American standard 36. Openings Area was great. We walked through Hyde Park into London, there's lots of great restaurants nearby, as well as a laundromat, pubs, etc. All with great service 
Great location, near wonderful shops and restaurants, Clean comfortable and extremely welcoming, 
Brilliant staff at the breakfast bar great location, 
Cleanliness 
The location 
Do custo beneficio 
Excellent location, Room, small, but very comfortable and clean staff; very friendly and helpful Lovely breakfast lots of choice. 
This is a great hotel, Great location, fantastic staff, great rooms and attention to details. 
Quiet confort 
Rooms were traditional, welcoming and cosy, Felt. You were in your own home 
Lovely big, comfortable bed, Lovely complimentary toiletries, Friendly staff Ate breakfast in the restaurant. We didn't book ahead and it was cheaper not to Room, was very quiet Close to an underground station. 
Love the friendly staff when we checked in Room was great and clean. The toilet was huge too, and I, like the vanity table in the toilet. There are places to put your stuff, so it wouldn't get wet. Pillows n bedding were of great quality too, which allowed a good night sleep. 
Big Clean room with all facilities, Extremely good bed for a sound sleep, Nice Bath rooms with all toiletries, Good location and view. 
Bed and room was comfortable 
Location breakfast pool and very comfortable beds. 
Rooms, spacious, 
Everything 
Swimming pool selection for breakfast 
Lovely view decent place would stay again. 
The bed was huge and super comfy. I love the interactive technology throughout the room too. 
The cleanliness, the ease of checking in and checking out, The style and atmosphere of the lobby, The entertainment provided and the way room facilities and entertainment are intergrated. 
Beautiful boutique hotel, easy check in and out 
I loved everything, Especially the bedroom. The service was excellent, the staff were very friendly and the food was amazing credits to the chef 
Good value for money in London, Fast, wifi, Comfortable bed, 
Great breakfast choices Unusual and thoughtful 
The rooms were amazing, small, but cosy Everything you could control by a personal iPad, such as mood lights, music, television, 
Quirky room, great free movies will come again. 
Modern fresh feel 
Great location with all facilities, your need Quite funky, 
Rooms very well designed and location can't be beat 
Location 
The STAFF COULD NOTE BE ANY BETTER FRIENDLY, WELL COMING SERVICE, WITH A SMILE ALWAYS WILLING TO HELP KNOW S WHERE EVERYTHING IS ARRANGE. Everything IF YOU WISH THEM TO DO IT, JUST A WONDERFUL STAFF BAR TENDER CAN MAKE A DRINK. If YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN FOOD IS GOOD, CAN GET ROOM SERVICE 24 7 WITH A SMILE AND FRESH THE BEST HOTEL STAFF. One CAN ASK FOR JUST WONDERFUL PEOPLE PERIOD ANYWHERE IN LONDON IS CLOSE, BUY AND YOU CAN BUY TICKETS FOR ATTRACTIONS. Thru THEM WALK TO MOST MAJOR ATTRACTIONS IN LONDON, JUST ONE OF THE BEST LOCATIONS. You CAN HAVE A HOTEL THAT S NOT ON THE WATER BUT CLOSE TO THE THAMES RIVER FOR RIVER CRUSIE. You WOULD NOT BE UNHAPPY STAYING HERE THAT STAFF IS TERRIFIC. 
The hotel is very well located at few blocks from Picadilly circus, Trafalgar square and many other interesting places in a quiet street Staff is really superior. Everyone at the hotel work to do your stay as nicest as possible. Congratulations for staff, actittude, 
The staff was amazing, but in particular our Conciege Joe, was such a professional in helping to book dining reservations. All outstanding experiences, 
Everything 
The balcon restaurant was very nice 
Excellent location with friendly and helpful staff Food was very good. 
Very comfortable room and bathroom facilities, 
Just right for a London stay comfortable, clean, good breakfast, good room, AC and wifi, helpful pleasant staff, handy location for Angel underground station 
Very friendly staff Early check in after requesting Lovely beds and rooms, Nice bar and lounge area, Great wifi, 
We asked for a quiet room and we were delighted with the room, Never slept so well. 
The hotel was very comfortable Staff, were great location, good 
Comfortable room 
Clean and comfy Great shower and toiletries Proximity to Gloucester Road, tube and Royal Albert Hall. 
The location was excellent right in the center of London, The hotel was a charming property within walking distance to Hyde park, the tube station and many eateries and stores The rooms were a little tight, but they were clean and the our bathroom was a decent size. 
Super clean rooms with very friendly staff, The bed was really comfortable. The location was amazing. 
Comfy bed 
Very comfy beds, 
Location friendliness of staff facilities, 
Cold water dispenser in the lobby was a nice touch. 
Everything was perfect for our 2 night stay for our honeymoon and birthday weekend. Location was central to everything. The extra nice touches in our room of wine and nibbles was a lovely gesture. Also, the free water bottles and complimentary coffee, machine and nibbles in lobby is a nice touch too. Hotel was spotless and staff were excellent. We had a great view over the park from our room too. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely return for a stay another time. Thank you. Club Quarters for a lovely stay. 
The location was excellent, The room was clean, very well equipped. The bathroom was very nice. 
Professional and friendly staff comfortable room with surprise microwave and fridge needed a room for 3 adults family and was pleasantly surprised by good size for London love the complementary drinks Relaxed atmosphere, 
Hospitality friendless of staff 
Staff were all exceptionally pleasant. Food good value and bedrooms were roomy and comfortable 
Good services and a great room 
Very good hotel, 
The location 
Staff are so polite and professional, especially people wirking in the reception 
Great hotel, in an excellent location for tube transfer to centre of London Hotel very clean, with a really great team of dedicated staff. 
Generally, the staff were friendly and helpful. 
Lovely breakfast good scrambled eggs, 
Bed was very comfortable: staff were exceptionally friendly, room was extra, clean. It met and exceeded. My expectations. Price was perfect. 
Very clean and modern 
New very clean, courteous, knowledgeable staff right at subway, 
Car park 
Breakfast and food And lovely clean bed, room Quietness area; 
Very helpful and Pleasant staff toiletary products very good Wifi, worked very well Nice with complimentary water daily 
The location of hotel was really good not far from the tube station and theatres restaurants. The staff was very kind. The room was well equipped with luxurious items, It was quite good. Experience, stay 
The service was impeccable, as were the amenities It was a pleasure staying there. 
The location could not have been better And really enjoyed using the spa in the basement, And the in room coffee was amazing. 
Location is amazing. 
Great location for theatre, land and Soho nightlife, restaurants, etc. Attentive staff, cleanliness, comfort, 
Good quality room in centre of London and I got the room at a reasonable rate - Everything you need from a business trip perspective. 
The welcome and upgrade as it was my partner's birthday 
Proximity to everything, 
The cleanliness of the room, hotel, 
Breakfast: OK staff, nice 
Comfort of the room Didn't eat in the hotel, so can't comment. 
Bed was comfortable room was reasonably quiet, Good location for the Theatre, but there are other Hotels in the area which I will look at next time. 
Nice people working there very well located 
It was clean, good location and the staff were very friendly. 
Lovely hotel, friendly staff and great room Great place to stay central to most attractions and the west end Tube station, just a short walk away. 
Queen size bed, 2 pillows each Concierge very helpful great for getting taxis, Staff pleasant and helpful Good power shower thick large towels 
The bed was comfy and the bathroom was clean. I loved the molton brown products too. 
Staff very friendly, Quick response to trouble with TV, Excellent 
Service location plus very clean 
A great hotel, ideally situated for some wonderful, shows 
Breakfast excellent plenty of choice: Staff very friendly 
The staff was really very nice and helpful 
Tv broken room, small could open bathroom door. More than half way cannot sit on toilet without knees. Touching wall Squeeze around toilet to get to shower hairdryer lead too short to reach mirror, which was tucked in alchove Chaos at breakfast glad to leave Terrible hotel. 
Breakfast and good location, 
Food, excellent and value for money. 
Room was excellent and the breakfast was amazing. 
Bed, excellent 
Most delicious croissants and muesli I have ever tasted Breakfast 
It was a great location for us. The metro was at the front door, The little train out the front for 6. It was a return trip up to the wonderful Montmartre. A few restaurants were about Easily accessible, Very, very, very secure. 1St floor is reception and there is also a very comfortable place to st. If you wasn't time out, Wifi was great. No problems at all And 1st floor also supply's a free coffee machine for tea and hot chocolate, too 
Staff was so kind with us. I love everything. There start of decoration, clean, classy and perfect place in London. 
The hotel had a great location, It was clean and the staff was very courteous. We had a great included breakfast each morning On our last morning, we had to leave prior to the restaurant. Opening and room service was included for breakfast. The spa pool and steam room was amazing. 
Everything from the Staff to the room and the location was excellent. 
Location and the staff were accommodating 
The location was good Off main roads, so quiet, except our room, looked out over another building and their windows. One of them must have been someone's WC because they were often nude. So we had to keep our curtains closed, which made it quite warm in the room. Also, we had 3 twin beds in a very small room, No place for luggage or to walk, dress. 
London 
Great for location Near to everything, 
Value fo 
Everything was of a good quality 
Location of the hotel was excellent. Staff were friendly, 
Brilliant location, Friendly, helpful staff, Great full English breakfast 
Loved the decor Felt, like you were in an old London house. Continental breakfast was excellent, Good variety of food and never left hungry in the morning. 
Small room but comfortable bed 
Location 
The reception with Prosecco was great, The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, Great location, central but still quiet, lotscof good pubs, an restaurants around 
Well, located for my City visit 
Just so comfortable 
Staff were extremely friendly, Rooms were lovely and clean. Breakfast was nice, 
Quiet room, great location, good wifi connection, Room, clean and tidy Tea and coffee facilities in the room and 24 7 at reception, Good price for money. 
Good location, friendly and efficient staff, good facilities, good breakfast 
Managed to get a much earlier check in than was booked for The hotel has a pretty good location with easy access to tube and Liverpool St station. There was free coffee in reception that was pretty good and there was access to a wetherspoons where a full English breakfast can be bought for a about 10 less than the hotel charge. 
London hotels are hit and miss at best, and this one is no different. It'S a converted something else building The conversion has been well done, though. Having a small front entrance on a very busy London street meant arriving at night in the rain by car was very difficult. There is NO parking. The closest parking lot is quite a hike away and VERY expensive 40GPB per day. The shower was a little narrow, but the water pressure was very good. 
Great location and room at the rear of the hotel meant that we were not aware of the traffic, so had a great sleep. Sara at reception was very nice too 
Within walking distance of the tube 
Location, decor 
The freshly baked chocolate chips, cookie that I got on check in was a lovely touch and made this hotel stand out from others. I have used for work Also. The fact that I could open the windows for fresh air was a big plus 
Lovely hotel have stayed here twice and fab service and experience both times Great location, Fabulous, rooftop bar 
Location is great, A two minute walk from Tower Hill tube station Breakfast has every option you could possibly want. 
Easy to access the tube and many local sights 
Concierge was extremely helpful and full of positive energy. Tony and his colleague helped collect a box, so I could FedEx items back to the. U S. All I had to do was pack and provide my account number and address. Thank YOU. They were also extremely knowledgeable of the city and surrounding areas Provided excellent. The concierge provided excellent transportation directions to various areas. Again, THANKS Front desk was aware of my arrival from the another country and had a room available for me to check in upon my arrival from Manchester. The gal at the front desk was very hospitable, beautiful smile and suggested a great place for a traditional English breakfast. All the staff I met are keepers 
The breakfast spread was amazing. Metro access to walking distance, The sky lounge is a one. Time must go place View 
The staff are always willing to help and very nice Daniel on front desk was very helpful and moved rooms. For us Breakfast very good. Roof bar has an amazing views. Great cocktails, 
Location: ideal for access to Underground 
Very nice excellent hotel, Very courteous and friendly staff well designed nice restaurant inside hotel, with a great choice of organic and natural products, a natural and relaxed atmosphere, sunlight everywhere, spacious rooms, great lobby and excellent breakfast 
Staff were very friendly. Nice touch having a cookie on arrival. Room was compact, but adequate for our stay Roof. Top bar was great 
Bar on the 12th floor was great, lovely views, etc. Warm cookie on arrival was also very nice, although we checked in separately at different times, and only one of us got a cookie Room was clean and fine. 
The room was spacious, clean and well equipped, with a lovely shower nice toiletries and complimentary water. The breakfast was superb fabulous omelettes on offer excellent variety of food and the staff were first class friendly, efficient and welcoming On arrival. The queue for checking in was quite long. It was Friday, but staff came around with complimentary orange juice. Nice touch Reception, staff processed our 6 rooms relatively quickly. The hotel is very handy for taxis, never had to wait. Also, the underground is only 100 metres away. Great transport options. 
Good location, 
A warm welcome and a cookie on checking in was a nice touch. The staff we came into contact with were polite and professional. We would definitely revisit the hotel 
Well appointed rooms, including Apple TV, Modern bathrooms and large rooms, 
Very close to tower bridge and the o2 arena 
Very friendly and welcoming staff, great location, free breakfast was amazing. 
Very friendly staff, the lobby was beautiful bedrooms more basic than I thought they was be very clean throughout, but overall a lovely stay. 
Staff were excellent. 
As good as it get good location for the tube and the Tower of London, 
The staff, where quick to fix a problem in the room, it seemed like no trouble for them. 
Great service, great hotel in the perfect location, 
Bed was really comfy spacious room as well. 
Very clean, modern hotel with stunning views from the rooftop bar 
Great cookies on arrival Staff were helpful when we accidentally wiped our key cards. 
This is the best hotel. I have ever stayed in 
Location breakfast mezzanine floor, quiet working area, roof top bar 
Comfy bed, great location, Loved the roof, top terrace and bar 
Very convenient location near the tube station to get around London and walking distance to nearby attractions. 
Good lication excellent staff, 
Loved the warm cookie on arrival Room was nice with good bathroom facilities. 
Good airy lobby with a coffee shop and comfy seating, 
Very comfy bed 
Location of the hotel Breakfast 
The staff were ALL lovely and really helpful and welcoming and very natural with it, the decor was fabulous and the beds were the most comfortable ever and we travel many times per year. So they were the best. Breakfast was great, and the dining and lounge very comfortable will stay again. 
Sam was great. She kept my son entertained. While I was checking in as I was travelling without my husband. It was right opposite the Excel. Where I'd taken my son to see the Lego exhibition, The bed was so comfortable slept like a log 
The staff were excellent, The manager was on the floor, greeting guests and making them feel welcome. We were able to have a late check out at no extra cost. 
Good location in Docklands and good base for an international Karate competition, 
Friendly front desk 
Stayed as competing in London, Triathlon location, ideal, 
We were made very welcome. Nothing was too much trouble. An extremely pleasant stay and couldnt recommend high enough 
Ideal location, Comfortable 
Hotel has style, Defo stay here again. 
The location was brilliant and the hotel was lovely, very modern, 
Location, wise distance to Victoria station friendly and fast check in process and very professional 
Excellent location for my business meeting in Westminster, Comfortable rooms well kept Lovely lobby bar area, Great value for the price I got on booking com. 
Very comfortable bed, Quiet location Staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. 
Excellent location, reception staff very welcoming 
The hotel is placed excellently as it is, surrounded by 3 tube stations on different lines and is easily in walking distance of The British Museum and not far from Leicester Square either. If you don't mind a stroll, We even walked to King's Cross Station from the hotel. The staff were really helpful and allowed us to leave our luggage in reception. The day we arrived, whilst we went exploring the city and offered to hold our luggage on the day we left as well. Breakfast was pleasant and the staff were happy to assist. Our room was situated at the back of the property, and so there was little noise considering the road. The hotel is on Overall a pleasant stay and I would recommend it to others who are going to London and want a central but budget friendly, hotel 
This property was not up to any standards. I did not like anything in this hotel. 
The staff was extremely helpful and accommodating to my requests: Excellent 
The staff were friendly and in a good location, Despite being in the town centre, it was relatively quiet in the room. We were on the top floor. 
Location 
Location Staff were very friendly, Room was kept tidy. 
It was a good location, very handy for bars, restaurant and transport. 
Location only 
Very convenient location, very close to Paddington Station good and quiet neighborhood 
Location 
Breakfast very good value: Breakfast room was bright and modern. 
Location close to Paddington Station 
Friendly staff, Some things I forgot in room - were found and posted to me in Germany, Mostly efficient, helpful and polite 
Nothing 
Great location, staff, helpful and friendly handy phone with free calls and internet was great AC in room 
The room bathroom breakfast overall experience Was a little worried booking this place, but mention could we have a shower room and it was our anniversary to them via email when back from theatre opened the door to find bed all made up prosecco in ice bucket chocolates. A wonderful surprise, 108, a night next to hyde park, great value and will use again 
Location breakfast cleanliness, courteous staff, 
Ongoing attention to breakfast buffet by staff, They were available to see that guest expectations were met, Service and efficiency of all stsff excellent Proximity to Kensington Gardens. 
The staff were savvy. We encountered some issues with the terminal. They were using to charge my card and had to endure some delays. While it was a tad frustrating. I was pleased to be informed that they had upgraded me following the issue with the terminal. Access to Paddington station was exceptionally easy, a short walk away on flat ground, which was great as well. 
Location 
Every think was good, especially the reception attitude. 
The location was good, close to shops, 
Great location Staff very helpful, Easy walking distance to where we wanted to visit. Alternatively, bus and underground connections were brilliant, 
Staff is very rude and I was asking for upper story room and end up underground room. 
The hallways were all decorated in different themes of art. The rooms. The same Was absolutely incredible. 
We had a very imaginatively decorated room trash city suite. It was spacious and comfortable Staff friendly and helpful Happy hour. Cocktails is much appreciated. Given London pricing 
Room is big. 
Location 
Lovely place to stay, we would definitely return 
Very bad hotel do not get fooled by the location. 
Very friendly staff 
Extremely friendly and helpful staff 
Location for travel links, West End and O2; local eating houses, plenty of walks and the famous Borough market 
The concierge bent over backwards to help all of us 
Recent events - 
Everything 
Absolutely fabulous location, approx 100m from the official centre of London Rooms, clean and ok for size, given its a central London hotel, No fancy trimmings but perfect for a short stay. If you're exploring London Excellent value for money, very helpful staff, 
The hotel was superb, but the room was in the middle of the hotel without a window, but otherwise very good. The room was of a good size with air conditioning a large TV and good WiFi. The bed was extremely comfortable and the shower first class 
Room was clean, 
Everything was what I expected Enjoyed stay very much. 
The location was excellent and the bar was nice to have a drink at in the evening. 
Location was perfect. 
This is a very comfortable hotel in a great location, just off Trafalgar Square with easy access to two tube stations and buses. It is not budget, but is value for money. Staff were polite and helpful. The reception is located so that staff can greet you as you walk past to and from the lift, and they were solicitous without intruding. The room was large and very well designed. One aspect i hadn't seen in other hotels impressed me On each floor is a free water station with iced filtered water and disposable bottles, No 3 pound bottles from mini bar or waste. By leaving bottles in room to be half used. There was also a guest cupboard on each floor with extra blankets, iron and ironing board. Breakfast was good and reasonably priced by hotel standards. 
The room was spacious and had everything we needed. 
It was close to everything we needed. 
Posh hotel, but with friendly approachable staff, who make your stay relaxed and comfortable 
Good location, accessibility, cleanliness and accomodation The hotel room is very comfortable. The staff was helpful, Will come back to stay in this hotel, Highly recommended 
We liked that it was close to the tube and that the hotel was welcoming. We enjoyed the continental breakfast, but felt that the cooked breakfast could have been included in the rate rather than extra. This always seem to say: if, in London you get charged more making the short break say more bout monies spent rather than the whole London experience. 
Breakfast was excellent, and rooms were better than we thought they would be Really close to Victorias station and Pimlico line Good soundproof between the rooms. 
Nice looking hotel with friendly staff, Just didn't get the best nights sleep due to a leak in the room. 
Did not use the restaurent 
Very comfortable bed and blind at the window meant a good night's sleep. 
The close proximity to Euston station is very handy, There's also an underground within a short walk and a few decent places to eat nearby. 
I liked the size of the room, some drawer space and full length mirror also bottle of water. 
Excellent location, 
It was a treat for my 18 year old daughters birthday and they gave a complementary cake and card to her room. Very nice touch 
Helpful staffs and good location 
Overall, a very pleasant visit room, lovely great, shower Good choice for breakfast good value for money; 
Staff are friendly, location is good. 
The staff are very efficient, 
Super friendly staff, very quick to help with anything Nice complimentary breakfast at the room every morning In the whole room hotel it felt like it was thought through in design, writing atmosphere and facilities. 
Stylish and comfortable 
The style of the hotel was really nice. Looking so was the room. The service was brilliant. I will definitely be staying there again. 
Everything except the price of the food 
Fantastic location in really easy reach of every landmark 
The location is perfect, though there is a massive construction site near by Yet it didn't bother me at all. Rooms are clean and full of light. Nespresso machines are a great bonus to the room, Friendly staff. I would definitely recomend this hotel. 
Location 
Location Very kind staff, 
Location is good. 
The triple room made central London, affordable. It was about 4 minutes, walk to Baker, St stop of National, Express bus from Luton and Stansted, and when returning to airport bus, stop was only 2 minutes away with stop on Gloucester place Baker. St being one way at this section, The breakfast buffet had more variety than expected for this price. The cooked breakfast set us up for several hours. Wifi was pretty fast. Apart from kettle. There was a microwave 2 ring, stove and fridge in room. If someone wanted to get provisions from nearby grocery shop, 
I did not like any thing: 
We were upgraded to a suite with every amenity Was amazing room with a balcony 
The staff was friendly and helpful and the hotel looks new ish 
Great breakfast 
I liked the decor in the hotel and the bed was really comfortable. 
The location in river, unique 
It was a very nice apartment and the customer service was even better, I loved the free toiletries and the water etc. In the fridge. 
Close to bus route and tube Small corner shop, nearby, Good, sound insulation on Windows, Tea and coffee sachets provided Best looking premises in the road Very clean 
Staff, Newly restructurated Nice decoration, Good functionality, Cleanness 
The rooms were made full use of the small space. The kitchen area was the perfect size catered all our needs. The bathrooms were up to date, which made the place look. Modern and welcoming Quiet, location and area was perfect after long days. 
Liked having the family room with kitchenette, even though we didn't have an opportunity to use it, Also liked the modern amenities 
Comfy bed and pillows and spotlessly clean 
Modern and clean and the location was really good. 
The facilities in the room 
Good location, clean and cosy 
Nice clean well designed room close to the Olympia stadium and train station. 
The bed is really comfortable. 
100 satisfaction, not one issue: 
The bathroom is too small, and meal in room is without value of the price, but they are really friendly. 
Yes, 
A well planned room and enjoyable breakfast 
Great staff and ocation 
Sean of your customer relations was very helpful and gave us a great welcome. 
The staff were lovely, Our first room was pretty bare bones because I chose the standard least expensive room. There were some folks starting their partying early in the afternoon, but the hotel IMMEDIATELY offered to change our room to a quieter place and even offered to help us move and we're so nice about it. We had already used the room and taken showers. The hotel is literally 200 steps from the British Museum And fairly close to Paddington Station, where the Heathrow Express terminates Lots of good small restaurants close by 
Location was perfect, Bed was very comfy. 
The bed was very comfortable 
Location was excellent. Decoration of the hotel was lovely 
Location is fantastic for central London Staff friendly and hotel felt relaxed Will definitely stay here again. 
The staff was very helpful and friendly and our room was available really early. 
Great location near the tube lovely room with space, clean, comfortable bed, great museums within walking distance e g V, A decent restaurant selection in the vicinity. Great coffee place near by called Over Under Coffee, highly recommend. 
Staff, hotel rooms and location are all excellent Beds. Bed bath, linens top quality comfort. It is all a true boutique hotel should be 
Excellent location for Earls Court Underground with the District and Piccadilly lines into central, London and Heathrow, The staff are very friendly and helpful. The room was a good size for London, the bed comfortable and the shower had good pressure. There is a small fridge, a microwave and a kettle in the room. Fresh fruit is provided at the front desk. There are lots of restaurants and a Sainsburys nearby, I'm from Australia, and it's my second stay. 
Staff were extremely helpful. 
Convenient location, cozy room, nice staff, perfect 
Staff were amazing, very helpful, Loved the free mobile phone 
Great unique rooms, friendly staff, Some rooms with a vinyl player, 
It was a full breakfast and good value. 
Friendly staff, breakfast was lovely Location, was brilliant, with just a 15min walk into Covent Garden, perfect location for a night at the theatre. 
The cookies are great Comfortable, clean room Staff friendly 
Warm cookie on arrival and they let me check in early 
Staff very friendly 
Breakfast very good staff friendly and helpful good location for theatres, 
Excellent location, excellent breakfast fast elevators in sufficent, number, comfortable room, good bed and bed linen big screen TV, free internet 
The staff were nice good choice at breakfast; 
Location was excellent: a 3 minute walk from Gloucester Road tube. The tubes also run through the night, which made it handy getting back to the hotel after a night out at 3am, There's also a Tesco across the road which was also open at 3am. If you fancy a little late night, snack Breakfast was very tasty and the food fresh and hot There's a little box at reception, where you can throw your room keys into when you're checking out. If you're already paid up. And you don't want to queue to check out. 
Close to the tube 
On my reservation, i clearly stated we had 1 wheelchair guest. However, upon arrival at your Kensington hotel, your staff insisted i did not inform them of this request. I then asked about parking and again stating we had one person in a wheelchair i was directed to park in the underground car park. We then parked my car and got my son and his wheelchair out of the car only to find that there was no exit from the car park, except up some steep and narrow stairs after walking around for around ten minutes to try to find a way out. I ended up having to press a button on the car park ticket machine for assistance. 20 minutes later, a member of staff from the hotel came down and tried to say that it was our fault for parking in the car park. The same lady, when we reached to lobby of the hotel, was very abrupt in insisting that i point out the member of staff that booked us in to the point the concierge had to come over and tell her to leave it. And if this was not bad enough, we then get to our room only to find that the wheelchair could not get through the door. He also was not able to use the bathroom as it was impossible to turn the wheelchair to get in. I went to reception and was told there was a disabled toilet on the mesanine floor and there was only one lift that could access it. I tried for ten minutes to get access to this lift, but had no success. In the end, the concierge had to go up and bring the lift down to us each time he wanted to use the toilet. I have travelled to most parts of this world, both with my son and on my own for my work, and this was the worst and most embarrassing experience. I have ever had the misfortune of being involved in, especially for my 23 year old son 
I hadn't realised the accommodation cost included breakfast 
Great location, nice and friendly staff 
Friendly and helpful staff, nothing a problem, 
Clean and fab air conditioning, as it was boiling that week, 
Nothing 
Bed comfy excellent breakfast 
Bed was comfortable 
Helpfull and kindly stuff 
I, like the location, only Few minutes walk to underground tube 
Really comfy beds lots of toiletries provided 
Comfy beds and air conditioning that actually works Can not fault. This hotel staff were friendly and helpful. They went out of their way to make myself and my niece comfortable, Excellent location and would definitely stay again. 
Comfy bed 
Very comfortable bed room was very quiet away from traffic noise Room had a hairdryer, safe iron and ironing board kettle, and tea. Coffee Bedside had a double socket above the bedside table with two USB ports as well. Tiny shower room had excellent mirror and shaving mirror heated. Towel rail and fluffy towels Interesting, independent shops, restaurants and pubs nearby 
The decor, the room, the location, the food, the staff 
Really amazing complimentary breakfast 
We were lucky enough to be upgraded to an executive room, obviously recently refurbished and really lovely Spacious and elegantly furnished with an enormous and very comfortable bed and every amenity you could wish for. We had dinner on the first night, a buffet which was very nice, but rather limited, as although there were many dishes to choose from most of them contained chicken Service charming throughout the hotel and breakfast was excellent. The croissants passed my husbands test. 
We arrived and was offered a upgrade, which was very nice, and the room was very quiet. 
The convenience of location for my work and the special discount offer were essentially behind my Choice. I would not otherwise choose to stay there again. However, security was good and found my laptop sending it to my work by taxi, which was the best part 
Nice hotel with friendly staff and nothing seemed to be a problem Really enjoyable stay with the location just outside the hustle of main town. Breakfast was very good, with excellent choices. 
The location was great, staff were friendly and helpful will be going back for another stay. 
The bed was comfy 
The room was as expected, and I liked the idea of the lounge was very much private and quite I wish to visit this hotel again. 
Stuff was very helpful and location was great, very central, but also close to the park and not noisy 
Overall was good, including the Level upgrade package 
Liked the toiletries, the bluetooth speaker, radio, the general ambience of the hotel Location is fantastic Staff friendly and helpful. 
Very helpful and friendly staff, lovely food, good location, 
Fantastic location for Covent Garden, The staff are courteous and helpful. The facilities are what you would expect and the bedrooms are comfortable with everything you need. 
The staff very friendly 
Food was excellent staff very accommodating and facilities. Excellent 
Everything was great from the clean modern rooms to the staff being very helpful and polite 
The location is good, like 20 Minutes, with a train from dam area very clean and very kind stuff. 
A little away from the city centre but easy to get to by tram. 
Breakfast and Location 
Bathroom superb and the bed very comfortable coffee tea, making facilities, Location of hotel excellent as near to Rembrandt Square trams. Stop here, every few minutes and no more than 20 minutes walk to the museums train station and most of the sights Plenty of restaurants, cafes and shops. Nearby 
Lovely atmosphere, quiet room and still in the center, Everything in walking distance, Also very good. Buffet breakfast 
Lovely hotel, great value for money with attentive friendly staff. It was around 27 euro in a taxi to and from the airport. A leisurely stroll takes you to gothic quarter and las ramblas 
Breakfast great Staff really friendly and helpful, Helped that they spoke English as we do not speak Spanish Roof top terrace fabulous and a lovely view of the city. There Lovely touch of a bottle of champagne, as we were there to celebrate my husbands, birthday 
The hotel is very nice, the rooms are spacious, the design and overall decor of the hotel is really modern in a chill out way. The breakfast was really good. It could have used some better fruit. Arriving from the airport is really easy. Just 12 minutes by train and then a 7 minute walk from the station. They provided a good crib for our little one and were very friendly to all our request. 
Wow, I am an older gent of 55 years and I need an overnight stop near to the work location. I arrived to find lots of young people around the front and thought I had booked into student accommodation Not so This is a great hotel. The staff were just fantastic, really good WiFi and the restaurant was cheap and really high. Quality Cant recommend it enough, and I will be back if heading to Amsterdam, again, 
The evening bar cafe, man was pleasant and helpful. 
Good location and very comfortable bed 
The rooftop pool The service was great And very helpful. The location was great, too 
Nice, clean hotel room service, good buffet, breakfast bath, robes and big bathroom. We were one of the lucky rooms to have a terrace 
Cleaning 
The hotel was very child friendly, The pool on the roof was a big plus for the kids and we could relax with a drink whilst the kids had fun. 
Very clean comfy and friendly staff, Good central area for all locations, 
The reception staff were good 
This hotel offers so much for the rate offered. The staff was very friendly, rooms were nice, and the spa was very, very good. An amaxing pianist played in the main lobby during aperitif time Dinner in the cafe was tremendous, Truly a great hotel, especially for the nightly rate 
The hotel is in a great location, The rooms are big and very comfortable 
Excellent pool area with bar staffed by friendly and happy staff, Brilliant breakfast buffet with something for everyone: Lovely air, conditioned rooms perfect after a long hot day in town, 
Staff very friendly Had to ask for 2 extra bath towels as only 2, initially provided Perfect location for King's Cross. St Pancras comes at a price. The traffic generated noise, Excellent breakfast in attached restaurant Ideal for kids and a shower that works. 
Excellent location got upgraded to an apartment which was very spacious, fully equipped and immaculately clean 
The location was excellent, The room was a good size. The staff were very friendly and helpful. 
The bedroom was excellent, very clean and spacious 
The room was large and well appointed. Very nice shower Walking distance to the British Museum, Covent Garden and Russell Square 
Location was great, very central and in easy walking distance of tube stations and buses. The rooms were very comfortable, even though a little on the small side, but you only sleep in them and the friendliness of the staff, especially William, on reception. He can brighten up. The dullest of days were really helpful. 
Good location, 
Everything was amazing Value for money. Staff were really helpful friendly. We will be staying again. 
We love this hotel and recommend it to all friends that visit London 
The breakfast buffet was TREMENDOUS. The rooms were very nice and spacious, with GREAT showers. 
Fantastic family room Noisy at night, but location, so central that is to be expected. I would stay again: 
The location was excellent, walking distance to the Metro and overall we had a good stay at the hotel and breakfast was brilliant. 
Perfect location, Beautiful and large rooms, Very nice designed hotel, 
Room was nice, modern, good, linen 
Was a fantastic hotel staff room breakfadt facilities, all exceptional Their care was amazing, going to another level to insure a good night's sleep. The only sad thing was we weren't staying longer. 
Very nice, hotel and great staff. Thank you, Toni Eugenia and the rest of the staff in reception for being very kind. It has being a pleasure to stay in this hotel. 
Super helpful staff, love the restaurant staff and their breakfast Definitely recommend that 
The view was beautiful: 
They give bottle water and their fridge is empty. 
They gave a calming pillow spray in the room, which was a nice surprise. 
Bedroom was very welcoming and cosy. 
Bed, size 
Reception and concierge Clean Spacious, room, Wifi, 
I'Ve stayed at this hotel several times great location, clean, comfy beds, excellent breakfast 
Excellent location, 
Only location, restaurants and shopping near the property 
So central, safe and highly efficient 
Availability of the room for early check in The breakfast is full and tasty. 
Everything was perfect, 
Very clean cozy hotel, Friendly staff 
Friendly and professional staff, Great location, Clean hotel, Great rooftop bar 
The bed was large and comfortable bathroom was very open plan and very clean 
The hotel staff was amazing and while the hotel is a predominately gay hotel, the hotel is very heterofriendly and great for couples or singles, regardless of sexual orientation. 
Great price for what I got Rooms were extremely clean. 
Restaurant was cozy, Staffs were very friendly and helpful. Very close to the airport Has airport shuttle Not far from Metro station Bus stop is just next to it Perfect for those who are using the airport and staying for a short period. 
Everything was fine Quiet place, but not far from metro. 
Close to tube station, but quiet 
Good location, Very comfortable, clean rooms, Nice English, breakfast buffet, Friendly staff, 
Room and Bed nice breakfast good 
The staff were very helpful and nice 
The amount of choice at breakfast was great and the staff were very helpful. 
Helpful concierge very welcoming breakfast staff, very good buffet breakfast 
Very pleased clean, reasonably spacious and comfy beds, 
Good breakfast 
Good location, 
Could use 3 stations one with escalators elevators all the way? 
Amazing, from start to finish, easy check in clean rooms, good breakfast security man taking all our group pictures very friendly, Amazing indoor, pools, spa, Roof, top pool, uncomfortable beds, but ok, to sit for an hour All of us going back next year. 
Nice rooms with nice lighting Location is in a residential area, but OK for business Difficult to get onto wireless network. 
The location is very good central, close to train station 
The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Bed was great: Breakfast was poor, runny poached, eggs that I waited ages for 
The location is excellent for Euston Station the staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Bed Comfy, but one side of double bed up against wall and room; very small 
The staff were very helpful, it's was very clean and the food was very good. 
I, like the verity of tea they offered in the room. 
Very convenient 
The staff were generally friendly and helpful both at the reception, the breakfast lounge and the room maids 
I loved that there was two showers in the room. The location is very good and close to metro Staff are friendly. 
Great rooms with added bonus of shower and bath in room not too far walk to the centre of Barcelona. Around 10 15 minutes. 
There are 2 supermarkets in front of the hotel, which is nice, 
Breakfast 
V, clean well kept room, Good, varied breakfast Location, convenient for Greenwich, quite easy to get to town too. Overall, a good stay. 
Very friendly and helpful staff throughout very clean and well presented with high quality fixtures, fittings and furniture, etc. 
Staff, fabulous Hotel, lovely Room, spacious with nice view great bathroom and huge comfy bed. Communication brilliant. When I left my sunglasses - and these were posted to my home - address 
Staff members of the hotel are very friendly. 
Everything 
Lovely breakfast plenty of choices I had de caf tea Staff, fantastic and helpful, Can't rate it enough. 
Room modern, decor and overall hotel condition. 
Very pleasant surroundings: 
Very helpful staff clean, comfortable and good value. 
Breakfast was good, 
Nice location, 
Dinner is excellent and afternoon tea x, 
The bath and separate shower Balcony was great, and the room was just huge. 
Personnel extremely friendly 
As always, a very nice experience at this hotel Staff are great food, excellent, A very relaxing hotel, but very close to the busy streets of London. If you want to explore 
A beautiful hotel with excellent facilities. Unfortunately, it's a little far out taxi to Sloane Square about 10 and there's not much to do in an evening. Staff were extremely helpful and polite and we were thrilled to be given a complimentary upgrade to marina view. Suite 
Its a very nice hotel, comfortable, smart nice staff, 
All 
Location comfort facilities, 
Centrally, located great for what we needed, 
Front desk staff were excellent, Henry in particular My circumstances changed during my stay, meaning I had to reduce my stay by 1 night. The front desk didn't have to, but they did allow me to amend booking free of charge. I am a regular traveller to London and will definitely be back 
We really enjoyed staying here. 
Fantastic location, 
Room was clean, Requested, twin room, which was not available. Camp bed was provided for second person, Initially not happy about it, but was comfortable Breakfast menu was good Staff. Were nice and helpful? 
Breakfast 
From check in at reception, though, to us checking out all staff very friendly, extremely helpful. Breakfast was very good. Various hot and cold items to choose from again staff very helpful and obliging 
Front desk staff were fantastic, The rooms are clean and comfortable. The location is amazing, Very close to the Russell Square station. Good food shopping, Nice, safe area - great - if you are travelling with kids 
Brilliant central location, Easy walk to British Museum, Covent Garden, Soho theatres, Plenty of restaurants, pubs and cafes. Nearby. I'Ve stayed here. Many times Can walk or bus from St Pancras Good wifi. 
The beds were very comfortable. I am a disabled person who walks with need of a rollator. The room was as reguested with the biggest bathroom I have ever had in any hotel, A lovely big bedroom, with plenty of room to move about great wardrobe and draw space for clothing. This hotel was in a good area and easy for myself and my granddaughter who accompanied me to attend my grandsons MA graduation in the near by university. There is a very nice shopping centre with coffee shops, restaurants, etc. Just a tiny walk from the hotel. We were very pleased with this hotel and hope the next Holiday Inn we will be stopping at in Vauxhall, because this is near my grandsons home will be as good Full marks for all from both of us Carol and Ally. Fryer 
It was reasonably quiet, 
Room 
Bed and beer 
Location is fantastic, Great hotel, good friendly staff; 
Excellent location Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. 
The staff were very helpful and the location is superb. 
Beautiful hotel, with incredible attention to detail, We only stayed for one night and genuinely wish that we were staying for longer. The spa is amazing and definitely worth a visit, and the breakfast was lovely and fresh 
Breakfast and value for money is really not bad. 
The room size was good, but the air condition size was small, good, spread of breakfast very good location. Everything is in walking distance from the hotel. 
Location is really convenient for exploring the city Staff was really attentive and friendly level of service exceeded our expectations. 
Location 
Location breakfast 
Huge room breakfast was great: friendly personnel. Nearby tram station takes 10 minutes to center 
Beautiful centrally located property great for accessing Amsterdam, Breakfast was first class and the room was really comfortable and well equipped. Staff were friendly and helpful Hotel close to station tram bus and taxis, Red light, sightseeing and shopping all within walking distance. 
The dining room was spectacular and the breakfasts excellent. They were so good. We could go out for the day and not need lunch. 
The bed was huge and was extremely comfortable, The room was modern and clean, and the bathroom was excellent. The location was great, just opposite the main station. It was within walking distance of everything really 
Location is great, Friendly staff, Roms are clean and the beds are very comfortable. 
Location 
Staff, fantastic friendly, helpful 
The location is great right in the center, The staff are helpful, smart kind and quick to respond. The bed is wide and comfortable and the pillows are great. The room and hotel are very clean and fresh. The building and furniture are new, The coffee and tea and bath soap and shampoos are good quality and generous Flat rate taxi to the airport. 45 Euro is very helpful. 
Location 
The room was super clean and comfortable pure Swiss cotton sheets. 
The shower and the view the bed was super comfy 
Room excellent large comfy bed, 
Rooms very clean and the bed was so big and comfortable Air conditioning Quiet Room made up very quickly each day, Big room and large bathroom with lovely, fresh towels each day, Hired bikes, which were great for getting around 
View from room good staff very helpful, 
Clean nice 
We stayed at Bilderberg Gardens with a couple of friends. The hotel is a five star hotel and it really is, unless you dare to have a deeper look e g, the air condtionsystem started making strange noises from time to time the bar closed every day around 1am. Maybe thats critisism on high level, but the free wifi was the worst i have ever experienced. I am quite sure we are not the target audience for such a hotel, but the price was good and the tram station lines 5 and 24 was just a few minute. Walk away, 
Staff, great Clean Good breakfast 
Great view, 
We liked the breakfast. The position of the hotel was great. Several tram lines go through the hotel road. If you prefer biking, you can rent some in the hotel Reception, 24. 7 with a lot of services available, such as museums, tickets, tram, tickets, etc. 
Good location and clean room 
Location was convenient as it was close to the Underground Stations, Rooms and Hotel was of good standard. 
The staff on duty overnight on july6 7were, so helpful, 
We didn't use the restaurant 
Amazing bed 
The beds were lush 
Easy check in Friendly staff, Reasonably priced food and drink Good choice of breakfast Good location, easy to get into Central London 
The location as I was working just 4 miles away: 
Location was perfect. 
Great location, architecture and environment was amazing, Went to this hotel for my 6 year anniversary to enjoy all of its facilities. Spa treatments was great and to wind down Would recommend to a friend, Most Definitely 
I adore the hotel theres, really nothing else like it. 
The hotel building itself is very historic, with great architectural features and very relaxing, as is the booking office bar and restaurant, Ideally located near stations and attractions. 
Perfect position and very comfortable 
Very well renovated and modernised 
Very professional, every staff member we came into contact with were just lovely, always smiling and friendly Made us feel very welcome. 
Hotel overall was excellent, only let down by the comment below 
Free parking on site and only a short walk to the nearest Docklands Light Rail station called Prince Regent and this links into the Underground network Right next door to the Excel centre. Where we had to register for Ride London. 
The hotel was an excellent location for the excel and they were welcoming to people participating in the London Triatlon. 
The staff were all incredibly attentive and helpful. 
The room was nice bed comfortable, bathroom 
Comfortable bed Friendly, helpful staff, Cleanliness of room and how room was tidied by staff. Excellent breakfast Very accommodating to allow us bring our bikes into the room. 
The hot fresh choc cookie upon arrival were delicious 
The warm cookie on arrival was a nice touch and the staff were really nice. I was competing in the London Triathlon in the Excel, so the location could not have been better. 
Location free cookie on arrival nice meal managed to get one of the free limited parking spaces outside, which was a bonus. 
Staff in restaurant 
Was welcomed with a warm cookie, The staff were fantastic and the hotel was ideally situated for the excel centre and olympic park by bike. The views from the hotel were pleasant and it was a quiet area with hardly any road noise. 
Good position of the hotel 
Everything was lovely whilst staying here the staff, food rooms etc were lovely. I will be booking with hilton again. 
Convenient to airport lovely room 
Staff and food were yummy, 
Loved the warm cookies on arrival, Clean and comfortable Good food plenty of choice for breakfast Friendly staff. 
Room staff even outside, please was great 
Great breakfast Friendly and helpful check in desk 
Cleanliness was great and appearance. 
Nice reception staff, comfortable rooms, 
Nice large room warm cookies on arrival close to dlr station 
Secluded location, which meant there was less noise around the place. 
Very comfortable, that's all I can say, And their breakfast is great. 
Everything 
Staff were great, Clean and comfy 
The staff are very friendly and helpful, and the hotel felt safe in terms of security and entrance. The room was always clean and I got everything I asked for The location is great and there's everything you need around. You 
No think 
2 double beds in the room: 
Comfy room in a good location: 
Staff facilities and location 
Friendliness of staff, especially Giles the Concierge 
Wonderful location, beautiful view close to Dover ports, 
Cozy hotel with a real british atmosphere, common areas are very comfortable. Very nice bar 
The Durrants Hotel in Marleybone is in an amazing location, just behind the Wallace Collection. The porter staff were excellent and helped look after us well, including assisting with a very tight parking space. The room was beautiful and well appointed and the bathrooms in great shape, with nice amenities provided within it. Overall, the hotel was really lovely with just a few snags that should be ironed out. Ultimately, the location makes it great value for money. 
Breakfast delivered to room was good and bed comfy. 
Staff very helpful room nicely decorated, quiet street close to everything Will definitely go back of you like antiques. The Wallace Collection museum across the road is a must. 
I'Ve stopped at the Durrants before and had a smaller room, but this time had a room on the ground floor and it was big and really well laid out. The breakfast was as nice as I remember so, all in all a really nice stay. 
General feel of the hotel and staff was comfortable. 
We were given a gorgeous big room that was total surprise because we've stayed there before and were expecting a small room like before, which would also have been fine, but this was real treat Very good breakfast. We were there for our 30th anniversary, but the hotel did not know that. So this was just good luck. 
Everything was great, as usual: 
Excellent and friendly staff, rooftop pool and bar area great for relaxing buffet breakfast not to be missed. 
Great location, quiet, comfy rooms, where i slept like a baby 
The location is the selling point. This is my 5th return, no membership, all in change staff, undertrained paperwork too much wanted to extend my stay had to do online then get to the reception only hours later, to find again not registered main issue. This time was cleanliness. The carpet was not deep cleaned for months old, hair, etc. The sheets changed once a week the quality of food purchases terribly low. I thought i was eating rubber, not cheese or eggs. Tasteless Marginally, better in the exec lounge that closes completely serving at 8 30 pm unacceptable in central london 
Nothing at all, 
The location is excellent and the service unfussy, so it is easy to come and go 
Location 
Nothing other than the good location 
Location 
Location 
Specious room in the executive floor, Comfortable, Clean 
The location staff 
It is not romantic at all. 
Location 
Leaving 
Very nice and clean hotel There is cafe machine in the room and one per visit: free coffee and tea. The hotel is just few minutes away from the Prater, so we were able to go there every evening. The stuff is very friendly and helpful. I defiantly recommend this hotel. If you want to visit Vienna for holiday 
The breakfast buffet was excellent with a good choice. The staff on the door and concierge were very helpful Because we had no upgrade and were not happy with such a small room. The receptionist offered complimentary breakfast, which had not been included in the rate 
Club room 
Nearest transport and good hospitality 
Like every year when traveling to Romania, we made a stop in this hotel. We really like everything about this hotel. The rooms are great, the food is fine, the people are nice, 
Clean comfortable rooms, Good supermarkets, nearby 
Good hotel in very good location, good staff, nice bar and good restaurant 1 star. This was my second time and we will be going back. 
Great service and staff, A lot of options for breakfast and the bar is cosy. 
Location and friendly staff 
Location was good, Very central to attractions 
The position was great near Green Park, but off the main road, so little traffic noise. The breakfast was very good with a lot of choice. The foyer was nice and light and spacious 
Breakfast lots of choice and great service 
The building is quite grand and the riverside lounge and swimming area is peaceful. 
Big room 
Overall, good and cosy hotel 
The position of this hotel was perfect Right next to the tube station off licenses. Restaurants and cafes, It is along the picadilly tube line. So it is a quick and easy journey into Central. London Could not have picked a better hotel for position, price quality and also the fantastic staff 
Always a good choice: 
The treatment and hospitality and service 
The hotel was beautiful, Although it was a modern facility. It had a certain feeling of an older time Afternoon. Tea was available, the lounge had a retro feel to it. I felt that our room had the right amount of luxury. The hotel is not in the old city Innerstadt, but there were plenty of restaurants in walking distance. 
The facilities were good, 
Great breakfest, lovely and helpful stuff, good and convinient bed 5 minutes walk from the hotel. They have the tram station. The rooms are very quiet. 
Breakfast was first class 
Clean and efficient in the old town section of Amsterdam 
Pretty standard Radisson hotel room, very nice building, 
Staff was excellent and room was clean, a little far from city centre, but with shuttle service you manage it. 
Wifi was good, 
Location was good, bartender lady was cute, staff was courteous, bathtub was a plus too 
Very good breakfast buffet, attentive and friendly service in the bar. Everyone very helpful 
I liked how easy everything was to find in the hotel as soon as you walked in you were met by the concierge team, who offered a friendly hello and goodbye when you arrived and left the building, We were checked in straight away with no hassle and seen Promptly All staff were happy friendly at all times. 
More lighting in bedroom Room a little tired, 
It was located near a tube station and Westfield shopping. Mall 
The staff was all excellent, 
Great hotel defitnely stay there again. Room was awesome as well. Service at bar was great, kept nice and clean at all times. 
Nice breakfast 
Absolutely everything 
The breakfast staff were lovely and the check in staff too Excellent location near Kings, Rd Comfy beds, 
Staff were very friendly and helpful Loved the complimentary cookie 
Location and front desk staff, especially Rens 
Location was close to where my son was living and good for transport links. 
The room was relatively spacious and well equipped. The location was very handy for the Metro station, which gets you to the centre in 10 minutes. 
The staff were really friendly and gave us useful information about public transport As well as tips about where to go in Amsterdam. 
Very friendly staff Efficient service in bar and restaurant Good price for last minute. In first week of August, Most other centre hotels were asking for at least 150 a night. This hotel was just under 100 
I liked everything about the hotel. The beds are extra comfy, the room was well cleaned and the cleaners were polite. I am British and the staff were good enough to speak to me in English. I really felt at home. I am so grateful to Dutch Design Hotel 
The hotel, its good, its very calm for relax far from the noise 
Great location, comfortable room, helpful staff, 
Excellent and central location Gorgeous buffet breakfast An incredible wide range of choice of everything you can even not imagine: Japanese miso, soup, Arabic, humus, etc. Home made mortadella freshly, pressed juices, cheeses, fruits, good Stauds jams, nuts, grains, pastries and dishes. They can prepare fresh benedict eggs. We came for our wedding anniversary and they offered us a bootle of Sekt, which is very keen. Room was very comfortable. We slept very well quiet and dark. Grand Hotel is one of the most beautiful, classical hotels of Vienna, especially good price quality relation. Others might be nicer, but much more expensive. You might feel missing space in the corridors, but you should have enough in your room. 4M ceiling height 
Personal at frontdesk kind and efficient Hotel, ubication 
It was my first time that I booked the executive room in this hotel chain and it was really worth it. Everything from hotel location to wifi connection was perfect. Staff was extremely pleasant and helpful Will consider staying there another night next time. 
Excellent location, 
Location and View 
Excellent location and very helpful staff 
Linens great Room, very nice, Great location. This was my second stay. There 
Small BOUTIQUE HOTEL, REALLY LOVELY STAFF FRIENDLY GARDEN OUTSTANDING BREAKFAST LOVELY TOILETRIES BEST EVER BESIDE QUIET CANAL, 
Food was excellent. 
We loved the location in Greenwich could not be more centrally located Parking was good, too. Staff were very friendly and helpfull 
The location, the view the friendly staff Good breakfast Great car park, 
Perfect location in Greenwich for everything, Easy to walk to the shops, restaurants, museums, the beautiful park We drove there was parking available. The staff were very good. We were able to check in very early 
Excellent location, 
Location 
The location is excellent for sightseeing and public transport and the parking in the grounds a real bonus, given how difficult it is to find parking in the area. 
Quiet hotel, friendly staff, great location for O2, Easy walk from DLR Cutty Sark station to hotel Comfy rooms, big towels tea, coffee facilities in room fan in room very much needed Nice toiletaries 
The room overlooked, an inner courtyard which made it quiet and peaceful 
Great luck, cation and wonderful staff. 
Didn'T have breakfast at the hotel, 
Location 
Location 
Friendly helpful staff made our short but excellent, stay very enjoyable. 
Location cleanliness facilities, 
Lovely room for 3 sisters: 
Funky fun hotel with great art, decorated rooms in a gentrifying area of the city, Mid way between the old city and the conference centre. I had to get to most days but close to a major metro and train station, so getting about was very easy. Great range of food for breakfast and really friendly and attentive staff In a less touristy part of the city. So we saw a bit more of the gritty side of Vienna, no bad thing at all. 
Fantastic breakfast airconditioned rooms feel good environment. 
Great location and superb rooftop pool area 
Service was great doorman, really good and receptionist. Also Mohan in dinning room was exceptional and location perfect for daughters, graduation at Wembley, 
The staff were very friendly and did everything possible to help The hotel is clean and the rooms, spacious and beautifully decorated. The location is ideal, although it is out of central London. There is a station close by with regular services. 
Great stay: Lovely Hilton, 
I loved the bed and the bath was very comfortable. 
Awesome staff 
Amazing breakfast buffet Fantastic reception staff really helpful. 
Roof top bars, restaurants, 
The overall stay was great Food. Great breakfast, fantastic Stuff were lovely 
Very pleasant and helpful staff Location is excellent, Large reception area but maintained an intimate atmosphere All in all a very pleasant stay. I will be using this hotel again. 
We really liked the location of the hotel. It was easy to access the underground and Paddington Station. Being so close to Hyde Park was a treat we enjoyed a walk on both days. We were visiting and would like to visit for longer in the future. The style of the hotel is beautiful and the breakfast concierge was very friendly. The breakfast was well stocked, 
A coffee machine, a kettle for Tea, decent size, cups, Good quality, Tea, Coffee, Hot Choc, 
The scrambled eggs at breakfast were perfect Location, ideal well served by public transport. The museums are a 15 minute walk through Hyde Park. 
Value for money, excellent breakfast location, fast, internet possibility for twin beds instead of double quiet, room; 
Executive Room was very nice Staff, extremely helpful and kind in all dealings Room service was above expectations. Great food Overall experience was very positive. 
Location was great, room was clean and staff was friendly. 
I am not convined that the hitel js a 4 star hotel, The entrance of the hotel and the lounge is nice and spacious area for sitting For the room we booked. It was a twin bed room, The room was too small and the furniture is old. The bathroom is small, too, with curtains in the bath, which was not enough to stop water from leaking on the floor. 
The location was really good. 
Location is great beautiful park across the road from the hotel. 
Great location and very good value for money as a 4 star London hotel goes, I don't think you will do much better. Exclenent Proximity to Hyde Park, Paddington, easy walk to Regent, Street and great central location. 
Wi Fi download speed was 217mps and upload was 12mps Plus the bed was like a cloud 
Excellent very near to everything: 
Well, situated helpful staff, good breakfast 
Good location, 
The LOCATION AND BREAKFAST WERE EXCELLENT STAFF, PLEASANT 
Bed was very comfy. 
Location 
Location was fab. 
Breakfasts location, 
Good location, accessible location, 
Location AND STAFF, EVERY THING 
Staff were welcoming friendly and helpful. The room was very comfortable with a great view of London and easy access to the tube 
Was well located for my business meeting. 
Otherwise, hotel location was nice, breakfast was good and sufficient. Free waterbotlles on every floor was also a nice little bonus Very polite and helpful doormen 
Good value for money, 
The bed was comfy bathroom, clean 
Very good cleanliness and comfort, calm, room 
We got a free upgrade to a room with an awesome view. Furthermore, the breakfast was crazy, delicious 
Beautiful spot gorgeous architecture, breakfast offerings and hall are magnificent. 
Location, excellent for touring the city core close to water, boats and trams, 
Awesome city with marvelous ppl 
Location Staff, Air conditioning 
The artistic details of the hotel, The room, is fun and a experience, A true lifestyle hotel 
Best hotel in Vienna, Perfect location, unique hotel, 
Roof top bar 
Spacious, Very welcoming, with plenty of reception staff available Italian restaurant in the hotel very reasonable, Gave us a free upgrade, even though only stsying one night, 
Comfortable bed, good sized bathroom 
Outstanding location, opulent and sophisticated environment Needed something central and the hotel fitted perfectly 
All was perfect thanks to the reception staff and the floor staff, They were really helpful. The bed was excellent. To be honest, i am in the hospitality business it is worth staying at Derby, A real 4 star, 
Breakfast 
Friendliness of staff, Trendy design, 
Really liked the terrace bar, especially after a busy sightseeing day, you could eat and enjoy a drink there. Also nice to sit by the pool, although smaller than expected, could do with more beds as peak summer was an easy walk to the magic fountains and can get buses from there to las ramblas and the touristic buses. The taxis were on strike as we left, but the airport bus was there as well. A 10 min journey for 5 90 euro taxi is 25 euro. 
Location was good for getting around town 
Central location, for example, Sagrada Familia, is an easy walk away. Otherwise, metro station 5 10min walk so giving you easy access to all places. You want to visit Very kind staff, Nice size rooms, clean bathroom, soft towels. We had breakfast at the bar, not buffet and was just what we needed Pool with a view, so you must check it out. 
Stayed for a short city, break for anniversary Staff, very helpful and thoughtful enough to provide some complimentary bubbles that went down well, Location, good, a short, walk, 10 min to all main sites, Lots of good restaurants. In the area We found the bus link from the property. Very good to Ramblas Barceloneta when we had enough of walking Roof, terrace a lovely bonus Rooms very modern and well designed Hotel. Very adult oriented saw no children at all during the stay, All in all a very good choice for us and would recommend 
Location, we walked to the Gothic Quarter every day and also used the Metro to go further out. Works of African Art in rooms, Staff always helpful and friendly good tips on what to do and how to do it. When we checked in 
Friendly reception, 
Every thing 
Nothing 
Breakfast is awesome, staff, r, friendly 
Excellent location on Mariahilf street, close to the center shopping area and restaurants, Large room for 3 people, 
Clean So close to westbahnhof and mariahilfer street easy access to tram, excellent breakfast recommended stay and will repeat it again, but in double not in triple room. 
Beautiful place very bright and confortable full of windows and coulors, It's a very good place for both job travels and both family holidays, very good for children. 
Cena adekwatna do standardu 
Food options were good mixture of hot and cold Location is good, easy enough to get to central Quiet neighbourhood Staff were good friendly Room was good too view was okay, There's a computer check in which can be tricky to use, but staff were there to help out. 
It'S a good clean place. The downstairs lounge is very pleasant. The breakfast is average and very crowded in this peak season. 
Fabulous room 
The check in and the team downstairs were great breakfast selection was great. Service was slow. Tea, an coffee took forever to come. One day there were no saucers or teaspoons weird 
There was only one person at the reception she couldn't even show us the room. No Porter breakfast is ok, but it was 10 45and. We were still eating that the staff started to take the food for themselves and turn off the lights. While we were still sitting sink drain was closed, staff were not helpful and couldn't speak. English location was not close to the center, but the metro station was close to it. Didn'T change the bedsheets in 4 nights 
Staff were very hospitable, hotel cleanliness was great and rooms were always being cleaned. Air con was a little loud, but that's probably only negative to report. 
Easy access to public transport 
Nice personal touches great Hilton, honours room great for business, very professional staff. Only minor criticism would be for more urgency from the waiting staff in the restaurant 
The croissants were indeed very flaky. The breakfast was excellent, with a great variety and lots of choice. We didn't dine in the restaurant, but the menu looked quite good. The location took a little getting used to, but the ferry to and from Amsterdam centre was a pleasure to use. We would certainly use this hotel again when I n Amsterdam 
Fantastic big room with balcony, overlooking the canals The location of this hotel is fantastic right in the centre of Amsterdam, the staff were SO polite and helpful and happy which we loved, smiling and acknowledging us. We had two meals in the hotel, restaurant and the food was delicious, will most definitely use this hotel again. 
Very friendly staff, great location, loved, the quirky interior, lovely surprise of chocolate, champagne in our Son's room for his 21st birthday. 
We were treated like royalty. We arrived on my 73 birthday were upgraded to a suite and received excellent assistance in planning a side trip to the Canadian War Memorial in Groesbeek, a key purpose for staying in Amsterdam after our river cruise 
Good location and friendly staff 
The central location and helpfulness of the staff plus pukka breakfast 
Staff were courteous and helpful, especially Katya on reception Rooms were lovely and spacious and had all we needed Bath was huge and really relaxing 
Good size, room well, soundproofed Modern, finishes big shower Kettle in room 
Bathroom 
Staffs are friendly, 
The bedroom with balcony Great terrace for having a drink 
The location was good and they had bikes on site which were easy to hire. 
I got a complimentary cocktail for my birthday weekend: loved the gym and pool and steam room and sauna. Amazing 
This is the third time now. I have stayed at the aloft and requested twin beds Every time they have explain to me that they have no twin's available Im starting to wonder if they even have twin rooms. 
The LOCATION BY ROAD IS A BIT DIFFICULT TO FIND 
The shower was nice and modern. The location was nice by the river 
Friendly helpful Reception staff 
The rooms 
Beds were very spacious and comfortable, the swimming pool is great, and the staff was very nice. 
Loved the luxury room, quiet, fine and spacious Location that you can't beat amazing design, clean and new Great Gym Would love to return. If price is right, 
Amazing room bar afternoon tea, 
Everything was perfect as expected from a great hotel such as Hilton, Everyone was smiling and so helpfull. Thank you again so much for everything We became Hilton, Honors members and it's a good thing, because i'm not gon na stay in any other hotel in Amsterdam. Again, We loved our room, everything was so clean and everywhere is in a walking distance. 
Balcony, looking onto canal 
Bed, nice and comfy Room had a great view. 
Unit was clean and spacious and right near the center of town Staff were friendly and very helpful. Location was amazing within walking distance to museums, the canal and in a quiet spot on the outskirts of the red light district. 
The Best hotel i visited 
Upon arrival on a hot muggy day, we were greeted with a smiling face and a Heineken beer tap right there on the check in counter First decision made, The room was fully equipped with great A C and the most comfy bed and pillows we'd had on the Trip With the next morning, free after a lovely breakfast, we were happy to be able to book bikes for 3 hours from the hotel, No helmets available. Of course, 
Great service, Beautiful views of the city, Friendly staff, 
Balcony room with great view, Staff friendly and helpful 
Location, nice rooms, friendly staff, 
Location, rooftop, terrace, 
Friendly staffs 
Close to the beach 
The hotel was exemplary and fantastic 
I liked the location, staff, cleanliness and food 
The staff at the pool are exelent Very friendly and serviceminded 
Excellent service, perfect location in eixample, with views of La Pedrera, friendly staff, well maintained and very clean overall Loved, the interior and overall design, An excellent hotel that feels like a 5 star hotel. 
The staff was very friendly, our room was beautiful. My 10 year old son enjoyed the pool and our all around experience was wonderful. 
Proximit du centre de barcelone, A 200m de la fameuse passage la Rambla, etplaza catalunya 
Large Room Size, Family, friendly Plesent, Helpfull staff, Relaxing and safe environment for kids, 
Breakfast eggs are real eggs and nutella is real, nutella, Nothing more to say, Big variety of food, everything fresh replenished all the time by the nice breakfast lady Breakfast is served from 6 30 until 10 30, which is amazing and quite a long period. You can come to the breakfast room any time of the day for free tea or coffee Room. We had a renovated modern room. However, the hotel itself is not that modern, but very nice vibe interesting art everywhere In the room. There is a free, safe, hair, dryer and shower goods. Also mini fridge for you to use Bed is rather hard, which I like Location. The hotel is located on the corner of two streets with quite a traffic, especially during the day, so do not expect completely quiet nights unless your room faces the backyard where you can by the way sit. The room is not completely sound proof, but I am a silent freak, so guess it would be absolutely okay for normal people. My company slept well, I used earplugs as usual, So if you can request backyard room, Hotel is just a few minutes from Westbahn station and next to the top of the biggest shopping street Mariahilferstrasse running down to the city center Reception. All the receptionists were extremely polite and helpful, but we did not need much, though You can store your luggage for free in the hotel on your check out day, Reception runs 24 hours Overall, very nice stay in Vienna, absolutely great value for what we got Can not Fault it 
A nice traditionally designed hotel with an aura of authenticity, Very cool place, 
As we traveled by train to Milan, the hotel was in a really good location, 5 minutes walk away from Milan Centrale. The hotel was excellent and all of the staff were very helpful, both in the dining room and on reception. The breakfast was amazing and although the evening meal was included in the price, which was a real bonus, we did go out on a couple of occasions. Preferring to eat in the old part of the city Would certainly recommend to friends or other travelers 
Location 
Near to metro gerusalemme with 200 meters distance and beautiful sofa in my room bathroom is very ok and clean thanks hotel mozart, 
Good location for metro system and tourist attractions, The pool was nice, as was the sauna steam room. After a day in the heat, The staff were friendly and helpful too 
Great location, Close to M line so travel in and out'o the city was very easy. 
The breakfast and was near to a lovely little street, cafe 
Privacy and comfort, Great location, 
The room was very good: breakfast was versetile, 
Proximity to the train station 
Super speed, wifi and the hotel is right next to the metro station. 
The hotel has a great location right next to the Central Station. You can actually see the CS from the rooms, which also provides a nice view. The hotel is calm and quiet. We could not hear any noise from other rooms nor from outside The rooms are spacious enough, maybe on the smaller side, but include everything you could need and are very well organized. I loved how they left a welcome note from the management and a cookie Rooms come with great beds, very comfy. So it's really a great place to get a good night sleep when traveling The bathrooms are well equipped. Everything worked perfectly nice shower good and very clean, towels, soap, etc, included The whole hotel and the rooms are extremely clean. They pay special attention to little details everywhere, which was highly appreciated and made our stay more. Special. The staff is incredible. Thanks to all who have booked restaurants and taxis for us, given us advice and offered help well beyond their jobs, I've notices comments complaining about the stairs at the entrance of the hotel. There was always someone there to help us carry all of our luggage and they were also extremely friendly. All the time The hotel has many lifts and they rarely get crowded. The breakfast is good beyond average, with something for everyone. You can find interesting things and combinations. Special mention has to be given to the muesli station well done In the evenings. They have cocktail hours with free appetizers in the lobby bar Definitely a hotel where I plan to return for another holiday. 
Beautiful interesting place We enjoyed the happy hour. The whole place is a unique experience. 
Everything was great, 
Very nice hotel New young design value for money, 
Clean and modern room walking distance from the central station Beds were comfortable. 
The pool the room, the helpful staff, the food 
The hotel it so nice and clean and feeling safe with a good security. All the staff are so friendly. We are feel warm welcome to stayed on the first minute walks into the hotel. 
Nice room great breakfast Shopping centre right across the street Nearby metro station. So it's easy to get from the airport to the hotel. 
Good food health club 
Excellent location service and breakfast 
We were upgraded to a penthouse room with a spectacular view: huge soaker, tub, lovely bathroom, overall, Amazing location, just steps from the Ramblas and an easy walk to the Gaud sites or the Barri Gotic. We had dinner at the restaurant and though expensive, it was lovely, delicious low key and we were able to take our drinks back to the room. Very relaxing The doormen were exceptionally pleasant and knowledgeable. 
Great central location, Excellent staff with quiet, comfortable room Staff were helpful and considerate 
The hotel is central and great location and we got a free upgrade with a nice terrace and overlooking the city 
Amazing family room on the 12th floor with fantastic views over the Magic Fountains Ultra modern, furnishings and decor, with iron ironing board minibar flat screen tv power shower and enough space for a small army Staff are super helpful and friendly, Fabulous rooftop pool bar Second visit. Even better than the first, We will be back 
Rooms, nice and clean Free coffee, snacks, water at each floor, Friendly staff, Location, ok, very close to subway station 
Very pleasant and quiet hotel, 
The design 
The bedroom was fantastic, 
Rooms and location 
Staff very helpful and nice, They even wrote a birthday card for my son and offered some cake and a balloon Room was great in size and bed was big and comfortable. 
Breakfast was very good. Wide selection of food Bed was brilliant extra wide good night. Sleep Staff very helpful, getting taxis for us in all very good 
Room service 
Toiletries are of fair quality and th staff can always provide the things tht. We need at once. 
Very attractive room with an excellent tv 
Very clean 
Very quite easy to join fews tube stations from Paddington and very good services. 
Spacious rooms with clean, modern facilities, 
Bed was comfortable and the rooms were clean. Breakfast was good, 
Bed was excellent. We found your staff at the Lounge extremely courteous. Diana was very helpful and welcoming another lady serving us. Champagne was very friendly and made us comfortable by the way she greeted and served us on Friday, 21st. 
Front office team friendly professional 
Excellent service, beautiful surroundings, comfortable rooms, 
Service room and food 
The Ned looks fabulous and the attention to detail in the period design is just fabulous, Whilst the bedrooms themselves are small. The facilities, especially the downstairs, pool and spa area, are really world. Class Of equal quality are the staff. Every single person I interacted with at The Ned was cheerful, helpful and genuinely seemed to be enjoying working there For a hotel club restaurant centre. That is as crazily busy as The Ned is. That'S impressive I'd like to thank them all for making my stay pleasant. The jazz inspired entrainment is great The food. What I managed to get at least is fine. The Cow Shed bathing products in the rooms are a fantastic addition. 
Welcoming friendly staff beautiful building inside and with history, very clean, comfortable room and bed excellent, I will definitely be returning. 
Exceptionally well put together, Reception rooms, fittings decor, A We took a basic room as i hesitate to take a better room till I've stayed in a hotel atleast once and i have to say, our room was exceptional. 
Hands down best hotel I've been to in a very long time, From the staff to the decor. This place isn't missing a thing Great job. 
Walking into the Ned is like walking onto a film set. This has to be the best hotel in London, fantastic restaurants, lively bars, great crowd, don't miss the rooftop pool and bars. 
Fantatsic place Only wish we could have stayed longer. All the restaurants and bars were packed Book in advance. Rooftop pool bar restaurant uber, cool 
The interior design is fabulous, the bed is super comfortable. The bathroom is big and full of free toiletries. There are 9 restaurants inside the hotel. I basically didn't want to leave it in the morning. 
Super cool hotel that is totally unique in London. The setting of the old HSBC HQ mixed with the 1920's glamour vibe that they have decorated. The hotel, in is a really stunning mix. All of the restaurants and bars are in the huge, bustling lobby, with a band stand in the middle, where you get great live music. Everything was stunning, especially The Vault bar downstairs, where you sit in a setting of old safety deposit boxes from the original bank. 
It was like going back in time to the roaring 20's Decor was amazing. Staff were extremely helpful and every little detail was thought of Rooms are a bit pricey, but they are total worth it. 
V: helpful room service staff, 
Good value Hotel is far larger than promos Lotsa food options on site 24 hour facilities. 
Wonderful hotel, fantastic staff, great amenities, An oasis in the centre of London city, 
Amazing hotel best, I have ever stayed in Attention to detail. Decor fantastic, Must be the coolest place in London. 
Excellent building and great facilities Top restaurant 
Great luxurious escape for grown ups 
Great products in room 
The underfloor heating in the bathroom 
The whole hotel room, food staff facilities, location atmosphere - it is all just wonderful. 
Great hotel, with perfect location for exploring Amsterdam Large public parking over the road was handy as we drove there and back Facilities in the hotel are very nice, and the Spa is a welcome place to relax. Rooms are modern and very nice with great room service and well stocked mini bar Breakfast was amazing and very much welcome. After a long night, 
Great location, 
The location was amazing: The staff was so kind and cooperative While room cleaning. They misunderstood our Baby's feeders as trash and disposed them off. When I complained at the reception, they made sure they replaced them with new ones. The next day itself. The gesture touched our heart: Breakfast was really good. 
The location was great for tourists. Nothing is more, then, a 25 minute walk. 
Location is perfect. 
I liked the quirky features, such as the messages to guests the pictures and the artwork. The staff were all helpful, friendly and available throughout my stay Loved. The ipad controlling the room Loved the really relevant and useful literature in the room, which was invaluable in helping us, find our way around Amsterdam, and we took advantage of your restaurant recommendations. Thank you. 
Nice staff funny design good breakfast 
The restaurant had tasty food, The room was spacious, 
The views 
Upgrade late check out valet quality 
The location was excellent, Close to main district, but the nicer end away from the hustle and bustle The lollies around the lobby were a nice touch. 
Absolutely fantastic hotel in a perfect location with fantastic staff and Lucretia accommodation, The pools were lovely and very relaxed. Pool bar excellent and fanstatic value for money Will be back next year and the year after that, too. 
Modern decor and roof pool with awesome views of city 
Perfectly located in the best corner of El, Born with lots of incredibly charming, plazas and narrow, mostly pedestrian streets, Still very easy access to subway buses park. Beach main attractions Stayed in a suite with a large private terrace, very comfortable and quiet Comfortable bed. Great free bar snack service Didn't use the rooftop pool, but nice option to have Will definitely come back here. 
Great place to stay 
Large clean, modern, very comfortable, excellent and friendly staff. 
I enjoyed the location of the hotel, The staff are amazing, 
Breakfast was absolutely amazing: both quality and range, Particularly liked. The local organic aspect. 
Service, good 
The rooms were very large and had its own kitchen, Fantastic and comfy stay here will definitely stay again next time in London. 
Fire alarms went off in 3 seperate occasions, 6 45am 7am, 7 15am Hotel staff walked into the room without knocking or alerting us while entering or entered No first aid qualified person on site, as I had an incident, and they could offer nothing and did nothing to Help either Absolutely disgusted by management and staff for the way things were handled. Hope they fix these issues. The manager Allysia told me they couldn't offer any compensation due to the fire alarm. Waking me up at 6. 45 am 3 times Absolutely pathetic. 
The staff were fantastic, all friendly and professional, The room was lovely and the air con worked. Well, I loved the library room, The door. Man was great. 
Staff always very pleasant and helpful rooms are comfortable. Bar food is good great for light. Snack 
The staff were lovely 
Nice room friendly staff, great location, 
Location 
Room is clean, bathroom is good, location is good. 
Lovely hotel and good value for money. 
Nice bar 
Outstanding, Wonderful staff, Lovely apartment, Clean and welcoming Fantastic location, Really wonderful, 
This hotel is perfect, the location is central to the gothic centre with bars and restaurants, walking, distance away The roof top sun deck is where we spent most of our days Comfy all day, loungers with a plunge pool Staff were fantastic and couldn't have been any friendlier. I would recommend this hotel with full confidence. 
Excellent service at breakfast, nothing was too much trouble. 
The rooftop pool was excellent. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. 
It was my birthday during my stay in the morning I had opened my birthday cards and put them on display on the desk. When I returned in the evening, the hotel staff had noticed my cards and left a cake with a candle and a note to say happy birthday. It was a lovely touch, Great hotel, friendly staff and perfect location. 
It was very good 
Great location, 
We didn't eat in the hotel, so can't comment. 
Wifi didn't work very well. 
Nothing 
We loved the decor, the position and the rooftop bar The views from the roof were amazing and it also had a small but enjoyable breakfast menu. The bed and pillows were also very comfy. We would definitely stay there again and recommend it to our friends. 
The Beds were extra comfy and the breakfast selection was awesome. Then staff are very friendly and helpful and the bar is well stocked. 
Staff, where so professional from the first point, we got there till the time we left They upgraded us complimentary, as we were celebrating something special, Our room wasn't ready, but they offered us complimentary drink. Whilst we waited 5 mins for the room to get ready, Breakfast and restaurant staff were amazing, especially SAMANTHA she's, the absolute best In general. All staff were so lovely in the restaurant. Unfortunately, I can't remember all their names, I can't fault the staff or hotel. I look forward to my return. 
Excellent location for Greenwich O2 Westfield DLR and Emirates, skyline, Lovely spacious rooms, clean and comfortable Nice city views, Brilliant breakfast, Lovely staff, Professional and friendly 
Duvet pillows and mattress extremely comfortable White company bathroom toiletries were a nice touch too Really close to tube, stop and sky track, Lovely bar area serving fabulous sandwiches, snacks drinks and main meals Best salmon sandwich. I'Ve had for a while 
The room was spacious and the staff was friendly. Food was big portions and very tasty. I was given an upper room like how I asked Complimentary. Water was given aswell Breakfast was lovely too 
Excellent breakfast facilities Very comfortable bed Room was a good size, Very quiet, 
The coffee was nice when the coffee machine worked 
Room was spacious, clean, situated close to the dlr centre of London, 30 mins away. 
Extra comfy beds, Lovely breakfast Great location for the 02, where we saw Celine Dion 
Very good alround stay 
The breakfast was very good and the room as well 
Comfy bed 
Breakfast was cold, 
Very helpful staff 
Great staff always willing to help very clean rooms. 
The location is very good for all of the main areas of the town and you can walk to the main shopping streets. Restaurants and key attractions, like St Stephens 
Great location for visiting Camp Nou 
Had a fantastic stay at the Capri in a very quiet area, about a 5 minute, walk from the beach and 30 40 minute walk from the from the centre of the city. Metro access very easy: 5 minute walk! If that 
The staff were really helpful and friendly. The room was very clean, with comfortable beds. 
Breakfast room people were nice, Easy to go to downtown bus 
The bed - yes extra comfy only i didnt see toothpaste on my 1st day of arrival. 
Your staff is great The location of the property, although a bit off the beaten path. Iit is the best combination of quiet and near enough, An easy walk to a main street underground station and bustling activity. 
Nice to be upgraded to club class, Great breakfast great view from bedroom and very comfortable Lovely Hotel, very friendly staff, and would definately stay here again. 
The location is good, 
The location was great, everything was easily accessible, The rooms were large. Light Check in out were very easy. 
The restaurant food was very good and the staff very helpful 
I was very pleased on arrival to be upgraded to a Club room with executive dining area. 
Good location, 
Clean comfortable and friendly hotel Will stay again. 
Beautiful hotel design, 
Breakfast was excellent: variety of bread, fruit, sandwichfilling room was very quiet, nice and friendly staff. 
Breakfast was awesome, Location was GREAT for walking around town and seeing the sights 
Nice hotel, great design, nice location Breakfast is superb many choices. Small swimming pool is a bonus on a hot August day. 
Perfect location, Vienna, bus airline, stop? U bahn old city! Everything is located in 300 meters from the Hotel Superior service level. 
Excellent, wonderful and very helpful staff. The staff in the reception are extra ordinary. The breakfast was really good as well. The room, however, looked much nicer than it did on booking com. The pictures do not do the place. Jucitice 
Staff Tks, Claudia and Andrea 
Gorgeous boutique hotel on lovely canal street, Beautiful furnishings and plush fabrics in rooms and common areas, Very warm and inviting with coffee, tea, water and sweets offered. Throughout the day, We stopped back at hotel mid day throughout our stay, to get coffee and enjoy the posh surroundings Friendly and helpful staff, Wonderful, bar and breakfast Hope to return one day. 
It'S a small, intimate and friendly hotel Loved the decor, the atmosphere, so romantic Love the drinks in reception and the little cakes in the afternoon is such a lovely gesture. We will definitely stay there again. 
Conveniently located in the heart of town but very quiet, 
It was one of the most beautiful hotels. I have stayed in around the world. 
Hotel is in the middle of Sloan Square, great position. 
We used Cote restaurant next door, Very convenient location, Quiet room at the back Smiley staff, 
Location, ambiance 
Loved how clean the hotel was and the beds were very comfortable Staff, also very helpful. 
Only 3 min walk to public transport. 
The room was good. Easy accessibility by Metro place was comfortable. 
New furniture Park 
Great breakfast nice sunny room top floor. 
New room but has that new carpet smell 
Great hotel breakfast was great and good food, great staff service at breakfast time. 
Daytime staff were professional polite and gave a warm welcome with nothing too much trouble. 
Great location, easy to reach beautiful area, Lovely Hotel, very nice room, a very good size, room and bath, shower room, Very comfy, bed and pillows, And what to say about the breakfast 5 Definitely recommend 
Very friendly and helpful staff 
The room was lovely, and the bed and bedding was excellent. 
Fantastic staff, who really were helpful at all times, made our stay really special. I would definitely return to the Hilton Canary Wharf 
Room was lovely, easy access to underground transport and the O2 arena. Plenty of choice for breakfast and all staff were very helpful, Would definitely recommend this hotel 
Never used 
Close to o2 
The whole stay was amazing: 
A lovely message left wishing happy birthday Balloons cake bottle of prosecco, Such a lovely gesture. 
Great location staff extremely helpful and friendly, The breakfast was yummy too 
Didn'T use fitness centre, Lovely breakfast, friendly staff, large bedrooms and extremely comfortable with peace and quiet 
Lovely comfortable bed and the room was spotless. 
As it was my sisters special birthday, they treated us like vips and were so pleasant and professional at all times. 
Breakfast was fabulous: 
Great hotel for the weekend excellent location, tube station couple of minutes, walk lots of bars and restaurants around 
Buffet breakfast is always a bonus Good quality too 
Rooms very spacious Property not far from the o2 Staff, very friendly 
Staff, great 
Freindness of the staff in all 
It was good, It was a little in the middle of nowhere, and parking was bad. 
Pancakes were delicious at breakfast. 
Nice room convenient for transportstion 
Excellent location within London, Public Transport, such the Tube and Buses, easily accessible Hotel entrance and Lobby pleasing to the eye Staff on hand friendly and very helpful Lifts to all floors, Room and bathroom, very comfortable and exceptionally clean, Pleasant, decor throughout the Hotel, Spa facilities very good 
Great location to meet up with friends and the bedroom and bed very comfy, but it was a bit dark as I was on the level where there is a roof and in the corner. But as I spent little time in the room, it was not a real problem. 
Beds were very comfortable Despite being on a busy junction. The room was very quiet. 
The spa facilities were lovely Good range of teas in the bedroom. Important 
Room service breakfast was tasty with decent sized portions Swimming pool long enough to do lengths, uncrowded and pleasantly aesthetic 
Great location for the underground and walking London 
The location of the hotel 
Good location, very nice room, 
Central to all main attractions can't wait to go back there. 
It is located near to the train, station shopping area and all attractions areas. 
Excellent hotel in general, lovely room and great staff Very clean and fresh in a beautiful area. 
The best possible location, 
Location Location, Great family room, 
Brilliant canal side views 
Absolutely 5 star service. From the moment we walked in The entire experience room. Restaurant bar staff was elegant without being pretentious. If you want to do Central London, you couldn't have nicer more convenient accommodations, Not sure how big The Stafford is, but it has a very quiet and boutique presence in the middle of London. The bed and the bathroom were to die for 
The staff were incredibly helpful from check in to check out 
Very comfy bed, Excellent Staff Housekeepers very good 
I have stayed here before and have been very happy this time round on checking in I was told, having requested a room overlooking the river, I would be getting this but didn't and the room. I was given this time smaller than previous visits. 
Bed comfy Location, excellent, Friendly staff, 
Location of the property was excellent for our needs. Views were spectacular and rooms very comfortable. We didn't eat in the hotel, apart from breakfast, so couldn't give an opinion about the quality of the food 
Great location with lovely views of St Katherine's Dock, Plenty of eating choices nearby and a short walk to underground station Room was comfortable and staff were proactive in sorting out issues. 
Comfy bed Really comfy bed 
Bed was comfy view was amazing, 
Great location for most amenities on both north south bank, Tube bus or river bus, all within a 5 min walk, Very good choice of cafes restaurants and bars around the marina 
It was very clean and had a lovely view of the dock. The room was large with all the facilities you would need. 
It was very close to all attractions like tower bridge Tower of London and all restaurants at butlers wharf 
The staff in the executive lounge we're very attentive, It was a wonderful break away and I would recommend the hotel to anyone. 
Great location, next to Tower Bridge and The Tower of London, We paid a little extra and had a room with fantastic views of Tower Bridge and The Thames 
The view was wonderful of tower bridge at night. 
The hotel has one of the best location in London, Comfy bed very clean room. We return year after year, Love it 
Wonderful view of Tower Bridge Room, small, but very comfortable and quiet huge bonus for me, Lovely restaurant and location Will stay again. 
Location 
Location and view from the window 
Lovely comfortable large bed 
Excellent location, 
Very clean and comfortable great location, 
The staff were very accommodating and great location for a river walk in the evenings. 
Location 
The complimentary breakfast was excellent: 
Great Hotel, Not exactly in the city, but a tram station is right outside it, and the line goes straight to Dam Square, Very clean, comfortable rooms. If you're lucky and get a corner room you'll get a fabulous view of Amsterdam. 
I liked the croissants at the caf, Perfect 
We requested a double bed, but we're checked into a twin bed room. When I went back to reception to ask for a double bed, we were given another room with no problems. 
Bed bugs got bitten all over 
Very modern loved the roof top terrace breakfast was excellent. 
Friendly staff Clean 
The lobby and bar 
Great location, concierge very helpful, Comfortable bedding and accommodation. 
Great location and great hotel 
The hotel is in amazing condition for its age. The lobby has interesting item to look at The staff were ALL part of the great stay, and I do mean ALL the staff Breakfast was. The best Excellent would be an understatement. 
Service 
Comfy bed, complementary minibar, free water, good cocktail bar with knowledgeable bartenders 
Great location, helpful reception and concierge staff, Room comfy and for a London hotel, spacious, 
Great customer service 
The outer overall look 
It'S set off the road, quiet location, yet easy to get into the shopping outlets. 
This place is amazing, Super comfortable beds, Clean and well presented rooms. The view was stunning. We could see bit ben the London eye, the shard and the gherkin from our window On the evening. We left the curtains open, so we could see it Amazing. Walk in shower was like a waterfall Great TV reception, and I can't thank the staff enough for being so helpfull. Even helping us choose the right bus routes for where we needed to go Right next to a park so pretty quiet to. We had a continental breakfast and it was one of the best I have had due to the fresh meats, cheese and pastrys available ALeo. There is a mini Sainsburys across the rd, so handy for grabbing snacks and drinks. I will be going back again. Thank! U for making our weekend one to remember! 
Bespoke hotel and bespoke breakfast excellent, Charming Square and very pleasant Quirky room design, Loved the wet room shower Reception, girls, brilliant 
Lovely terrace room TV had excellent connectivity, HDMI, etc. 
Very comfortable bed, good quality, toiletries, Helpful staff, 
Nice comfy bed 
Great staff, spacious, room, great location, 
Facilities are good, 
Breakfast lounge 
Good location, if you want to travel all around Barcelona and not just head to the beach area, Bus stops close by and good food Staff, fantastic and really helpful. The room was clean, smart and had all that's required, but is on the small side Pool and jacuzzi area. Small, but lovely and towels are provided. 
Its a very modern and neat hotel with a very good location to central Milano Rooms are 5 stars. Although the hotel is 4 stars, Breakfast is very good. Highly recommended hotel 
Location and accommodation in the room 
Nothing 
Breakfast 
Great location close to walk to the train station and to the shopping areas Very cute rooms. 
Air conditioning was not working in July. Very hot Staff were not very friendly. 
Excellent hotel will stay there again if, in milan, friendly service location, close to everything, great breakfast 
Nice cozy atmosphere, great service, interesting interior design, 
The hotel is relatively not far from the commercial area where IKEA Auchan, KIABI and other stores are located. There is also a transfer to some city locations seems it is a metro station in the morning and in the evening Ostrich. Geese farm nearby by you cannot get close to them. Desserts were rich 
Everything was upto the mark except the parking staff which were extremely rude. 
It was ok, 
Service at the restaurant was good. 
Nothing 
Nice stuff and breakfast Convenient location, 
Great location and great facilities, 
The hotel is very nice and their breakfast is excellent. 
Lovely hotel in an excellent location, 
Pool was great 
Lots of help with wifi that I couldn't get to work on my phone 
The location was perfect and the free water was great 
Large room large terrace, quick service, 
Really central location close to all the major shopping and sightseeing Good breakfast selection Concierge gave us a nice recommendation for place to eat, although it wasn't really authentic tapas food suggested, which we had wanted and a more modern version, Great views from the rooftop and nice pool. 
Location, perfect, plus excellent staff. The room junior suite deluxe was excellent. 
Room size was acceptable, Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was good, 
The breakfast was fantastic: 
Location and staff 
Quite simply, the best hotel package in Milan, whether you are there for business or for leisure, Excellent location, close to Central Station, the friendliest and most attentive staff. You could imagine comfortable rooms with quality fittings and furniture, superb breakfast offering and WiFi that actually works. My recent visit was probably my twentieth over the last 3 years, and the standards haven't slipped at all, Very good value for money and strongly recommended 
Exlant breakfast 
Great breakfast very confortable room and the personal was very kind. They storage our luggage for us. In the day we had to make check out, but we returned to Milan at night. So when we return, they permit us to use the property. The bathroom take a free coffee until the time we have to take the train. 
The staff were very helpful and gave us public transport information for everywhere we wanted to visit and also booked us taxis. When we decided on the option The breakfast was lovely and the cleaning staff were great 
Great location, Very clean, Small but modern rooms, Comfortable Great breakfasts, nice little yard, 
Perfect everything Like it 
Support from staff, to the extent they even printed our future boarding passes. Thank you. 
A nice terrasse on the 6th floor with a view over Milano Good ap ritif there, Beautiful, decoration and high comfort room with a sweet, expresso machine, Great breakfast, although a bit expensive but wonderful room, PERFECT location. In summer heat, we enjoyed the air conditionned room, 
We travelled with our small dog and were made most welcome and they did not charge extra. Although their info said they might, There was a park very nearby, which was essential as Milan central has no grassy areas. We has our 50th wedding anniversary. While we were there and when they realised they sent up complimentary drinks and a little cake, we thought it was a lovely gesture. The room was cool, comfortable and large and immaculately clean. We had booked a terrace room and it was lovely to sit there on an evening. It was a 10 minute, walk to the Duomo and 10 minutes to the Brera area, where all the trendy eating places are. My family stayed in the area next to the Duomo and loved being in the noisy part. However, we were very pleased that we had chosen a quieter area. 
Pool is missing: breakfest poor 
Breakfast clean room: 
Staff, one of the best I have experienced in years Room very comfortable and while overlooking the street designed to be extremely quiet, Breakfast very plentiful and tasty Location, very close to the Doumo 
We had a very comfortable 3 night stay in room 615. The room is not big, but has every comfort needed and the staff are so friendly and helpful Comfy bed bath and shower good air con situated right behind one of the main shopping streets in Milan. The food in Eatily restaurant was very good and we can also highly recommend Mamma Rosa for a special local dinner. Wifi was also great 
Room size 
Slept like a baby, very comfortable beds, Breakfast buffet is extensive and the hotel is close to undeeground line station. That takes you directly to Duomo 
They made a big gift for us when they realized that we're on Honey Moon. I would totally reccomend this hotel for all my friends. Design and atmosphere is awesome. 
The staff 
The room was very good: even the pillows were ok Breakfast Washington, good too 
Great breakfast 
The hotel was clean and the staff were helpful enough. 
We were really satisfied with our chosen Hotel. Public Transport is not far away and gave us the opportunity to explore the City Clean and modern room. The reception also offered us cheap tickets for the gym spa next door, but we did not go 
Very good experience, Modern rooms, clean nice people at the reception and in the bar breakfast area, Very low rates close to the metropolitan 200'm 
Satisfactory cleanliness, Good location In walking distance to the nearest metro station 
Bed is very comfortable. 
Easy parking pool was great, super crowded, but refreshing Rooms were clean and staff was excellent. 
The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful Very convenient for metro bus tram. Breakfast was good, No cooked food, but lots of everything else you could wish for Room was fine for a single guest. Wifi was strong signal in the room. 20 euro taxi from the airport Afternoon, tea and cake was a great idea. 
Good service, pleasant staff, 
I'Ve stayed here 3 times. I found the rooms to be inconsistent. Superior rooms have a washing seat where you wash yourself after using the toilet, The location is great, close enough to museums, boat rides shopping centers, it's really central, It's the main reason. I return to this hotel Parking is available. Driving a car in Amsterdam is a nightmare Close to good restaurants. If you get hungry midnight, 
The staff were really friendly, The room was very well serviced. The breakfast was nice 
Good things are quick to list, the location is good, and this is it 
Just a few minutes away from museums and Leidseplein 
Location and staff 
Super great breakfast and friendly stuff 
The rooms are comfortable and super clean, The staff are super friendly, the breakfast was very nice and the staff could not be more agreeable. The location is great. 
Very comfortable and clean 
Perfect location for what we wanted, as we did, the prudential ride, London 
Didn'T have breakfast as it was to expensive 
I really liked the hotel and it's ethos. The only thing I would comment on was the acoustics. I think it would be better to have a proper wooden door on the bathroom so that you didn't have to listen to what was going on in there x. 
It was a quirky hotel, which was the reason we booked it being an old floating prison. It is right next to the cable car over to the O2, which is great fun and helpful for getting to the O2 After problems with our room's electricity. We were given a free breakfast, which was really good. 
Comfort was amazing, the staff were lovely. The layout is really awkward, though, as you can easily get lost, as everything is the same, the stairs were really steep and with an eledely lady with us, it was really good for tbat. I wouldn't even like young children to use the stairs. Cleanliness was really good. Only stayed 1 night for Celine Dion concert at o2. The transport air shuttle to o2 is amazing, though so easy 
The hotel was close to Olympic Park, 
Breakfast was lovely reception, staff friendly and very helpful 
In a great area, Really quiet and away from the hustle and bustle of the city, 
The room was very large for a London hotel shower excellent and bed. Superb, Really like the fact there is no TV. I always seem to get the drunken idiot next door watching Star Wars loudly at 3 am Roof terrace bar very nice. Shame it does not open past 9 30 pm 
The hotel was very modern and stylish the staff very helpful and kind which I loved, The breakfast was lovely and fresh Beds are very comfy. I did feel the room. I wasn't aware. Prior the room was that size or layout and the bathroom as well was quite small. It would've been nice to see pictures too, but overall good experience. 
I had booked a room with a river view and the views from the hotel room window were magnificent In the morning. You could see some people swimming in the Royal Victoria Dock. I loved the decor and the room was very comfortable. I also recommend taking the river bus and the cable car to get to the hotel from central London. You get a whole new perspective on London. 
I loved the room, It was perfect for the two of us. The idea of the roof garden was a lovely idea. 
Location for the 02 was really good, clean and modern. 
Very good location for the o2 arena or London city airport, Right next to the sky, rail and close 100m to the light rail 
The view from the room, nice and quiet hotel, 
Location facilities, 
Amazing beds, so comfortable staff are incredibly helpful and professional 
Good breakfast 
Bed was really comfy. Accommodation location was excellent for our trip. 
Great breakfast 
Staff, fantastic, very pleasant and most helpful 
Decor atmosphere, breakfast and location 
Great design, unique hotel, 
Everything amazing place with good cause and value staff. A credit 
Yes, all good 
Great location with view on the Thames 
The staff really do make a difference. We received a complimentary upgrade in room and when explaining we'd have an early start to travel on, leaving Richard at reception without prompting organised, a breakfast pack for us Stunning rooms with an iconic view of the London Eye. Topped off with excellent guest relations Will definitely stay here again. 
Hotel is huge and has a slinky James Bond esque atmosphere to it Bathroom beds, facilities. Everything was there and was excellent. Breakfast was amazing and plentiful Staff were helpful. 
The room was great and the swimming pool sauna steam room a great way. To start your Sunday morning We got upgraded on arrival and provided with a bottle of Prosecco as well. 
The hotel it's self was lovely lobby area was beautiful, however, very disappointed with the rooms 
Welcoming staff Lovely reception area, Good room size, Comfy bed, Large bathroom Great view from the bar Large comfy bar area, 
Live music in the Primo bar and View from our room. 
Stunning, hotel and service was faultless, Food was beautiful in brasserie, as were the cocktails, Also lovely spa facilities and kid friendly pool Will definitely be back. 
Excellent location, Common areas were spotless 
Location Rooms were well maintained, Staff were helpful, 
The duplex room, we stayed it, we got via e, upgrade at a reduced rate and it had a fantastic view of Big Ben and good facilities. Even if we had not got that particular room, it would still have been a great base from which to explore central London, As you would expect, the room was clean and tidy and well maintained. Whilst we stayed at the hotel 
Not cheap, but everything was in perfect order. Breakfast is good, even when many people want to have breakfast at the same time everything runs smoothly. Availability of food was no problem, Staff is skilful and polite Room was clean. Bed was very good and wifi fast, Located near Westminster, Bridge and near Waterloo station. This hotel is easy to get to and a perfect starting point for exploring London 
The breakfast had a lot variety. The bathrooms were luxurious, 
We arrived after an overnight flight and our little boy was ill. The staff were great and got us a room ready as soon as they could and well before the usual check in time. This was much appreciated. 
Location is wonderful, breakfast is very good. 
Loved the hotel, food location and children loved the swimming pool, 
Nothing 
Location space breakfast 
Fanastic location, looking at he Houses of Parliament, Attentive, friendly staff and fabulously clean and comfortable rooms and pubic areas. 
Fantastic black out curtains, Great facilities and staff were extra helpful. 
Comfy beds, 
Clean and very well run hotel, which was close to everywhere. I wanted to go 
Satisfactory Good breakfast and Internet facilities, Pleasant staff, 
Ease of access to central London 
Location Adjacent to St Thomas's Hospital 
The hotel was the best I have ever been to the facilities were excellent and the staff were friendly and met every need. 
Not enough 
Superb Queen Bed, 
The room, the shower the location, 
Amazing location and huge bed 
Wonderful large beds very friendly and helpful staff, excellent location, 
The spa is amazing: we had the post theatre meal, which is great value for money. The bed is so comfy 
The entire hotel was having style and it was very clean and modern. At the same time, I really enjoyed staying there for a few days, Perfect location to explore. Amsterdam 
Our baggage got left behind in HK, so we basically had nothing. On our first day, The receptionist was of great help gave us toiletries, including a brand new deodorant toothpaste and toothbrush w'o additional cost. Very polite staff. 
Cool atmosphere, young and dynamic staff, 
I, like the concept and sense of humor within the idea, and you can feel this in every single detail within the hotel. 
Large lobby free water at departure, 
It'S a very nice hotel with good connections by both tram and metro. The room was comfortable and clean. The breakfast was delicious and varied. I especially liked the veal sausages with omelette and the home made cake. The staff were very friendly and kind 
It was a pleasant stay, as i was coming back late at night. I had no problems at all getting to the hotel. The location is excellent. The stuff was very friendly and helpful. They were all russian speakers, so might be useful for somebody, Breakfast was good with a large selection of foods. Comparing to other hotels, The rooms are clean and bright beds are comfortable, towels are fluffy, 
Air condition at the room: 
Clean room Really nice reception staff, 
Its info, a good location, just off Kensington High street 
Relatively convenient location at a reasonable price, 
Very friendly staff from reception to cleaning team, Comfortable bed and lovely shower, We really needed a break. Both working 3 children to have time together in such a warm atmosphere was wonderful. Thank you. 
Everything was amazing from the staff to the room to the location wish. I could have stayed longer, so I could have used some of their other facilities. 
We liked the location and ease of transport from Somerset to here to Science Museum. We found rooms, comfortable and clean Staff, helpful Information, easily available at hotel for forward travel and local sights. 
The stay in the hotel, 
Great location Staff friendly, easy assess to tube station Rooms were clean Beds were really soft and comfy. 
Breakfast is always a winner here very hard to be healthy. 
Really enjoyed the welcome to the room with my name on the TV and chocolates The king size bed was great Loved the rest of the hotel, very fancy. 
Location is good near tube station shops and cafe nearby 
Excellent service friendly staff, Most comfortable beds ever 
Cleanliness location, 
24H room service 
Great gym 24hr Starbucks 
Everything perfect in all areas: 
Short walk to the Tube Circle and District lines; 
The bed and staff was excellent. 
Good breakfast staff friendly room, clean bed, comfortable 
Big bed perfect sleep, super clean and staff, extremely friendly 
Pillows were fab. 
Beds really comfortable 
Hotel was really clean and modern good facilities. 
The location is excellent, so near everything 
Staff were freindly facilities, were nice and good location. 
Most staff very helpful Air con and internet good 
The enormous garden is a rare treat in London 
They transfer me to The Park Grand London Kensington due to maintance work at The Park Grand London Paddington. They offer me a free ride to Kensington a soft drink while im, i watting the taxi and includ the breakfast in my stay, which that im not applied for it Park. Grand London Kensington, newer and bigger than Park Grand London Paddington Underground station 3 mins, walk People at reception and generally everyone I interacted with was super friendly and helpful, which makes a difference. The handy phone that comes with the room, The bathroom is clean with all required supplies. There is a microwave and small separate room for cloths and iron 
This is my second time staying at this Hotel. The first time I was on business This time it was for mini holiday. The bed is very comfortable. The room and bathroom very clean and spacious. The location is very convenient, Very good selection at breakfast. 
Great attention to guests, Given a lovely birthday, surprise of cake and a card in my room, 
Food was very nice Busy in the mornings suggest you rise early to avoid the queue 
The location of the hotel 
We were upgraded on arrival, which was lovely Shower and bathroom facilities were excellent. Staff were always helpful and welcoming they spoke English and were more than happy to answer. Any questions we might have Location was perfect, courtyard had lovely places to dine or get a cocktail. 5 mins walk from the metro and not far from Notre Damme or the Pantheon Lovely area for dining 
Clean friendly helped with finding locations, trains, buses, etc. 
Large room, Clean 
The staff was friendly and helpful When making a booking. I added a couple of special requests: 1. The room to face away from the street and 2 have 2 twin beds. When we checked in both requests have been ignored, although the concierge could see them in his system. So next day after my complaining, they readily moved us to another room which again did not satisfy either of the two criteria, but was now on the top floor. Higher up above the street noise Go figure. I really apreciate the advise. I got ftom Mohammad to be at the airport earlier. It turned out that indeed the lines and the wait at CDG were horrendous. There is an ajacent restaurant that serves fine, complementary breakfast. The staff there is also very friendly For other meals. Prices are a bit too high for the value. Another plus is that this hotel is a long walk await from Montmartre. The beds were very comfortable. 
Amazing view from the window on the arena from the 14th floor Very comfortable bed - Amazing breakfast selection, 
Mini kitchenette 
Friendly staff and brilliant location 
The cleanliness of the room, The breakfast, was great 
Close to St Pancras kings, Cross and business areas, Quick check in and check out Nicely equipped rooms. 
Quick check in out great location for train stations, large comfortable room 
The cantonese restaurant was a nice place to have dinner, We've missed eating asian foods. By the time we got to Grosvenor and was happy to find this restaurant 
Very clean, great location, with a room view of the eifall tower close to a metro station with access to the whole city, Not much noise from outside and friendly staff. 
Reception staff were very charming and helpful and Dante was very Likable and funny. 
In a gorgeous upgraded room, Very new and modern, Very comfy bed 
Modern very clean, good location, great value for money; 
Fantastic location in le Marias, Wonderful staff, Lovely room and decor. Obviously the rooms are on the smaller side. This is Paris but not uncomfortable at all. Highly recommended. 
Great location, Good service, 
The Marlin Hotel is new and very clean. It has a guest laundry facility, which was very helpful. The rooms have full kitchens, which is great for families. They accommodated us nicely with a sofa bed for the kids 
Perfect location for South Bank, London attractions Very clean, comfortable room, All staff very helpful 
Really amazing, building with plenty attention to detail. 
The manager was great and extremely accommodating. The rooms are also very beautiful, with renovated bathrooms. 
Location and friendly staff - Beautiful, quite neighborhood, 
Free soft drinks in the mini bar Free snack in the bar 
It'S a great location near the Musee Louvre, and the Metro 
Location and people at front desk 
Location and the guy at the reception on night duty He is from Indonesia cannot recall. His name was very friendly. 
Everything is excellent and clean, Good location, quit area, few min walk for metro to go airport and where ever you want to go near from orly airport staff is really good, especially francias. 
The room service was rude, so put us off ordering bigger or more, but the lady who brought it up was so lovely 
The bed was really comfy and the quality of the breakfast was great. 
Such nice interior design, 
Location was ideal for access to Hyde Park. 
Excellent metro, acccessible location, Clean comfortable, great value for price, The staff was super friendly and the breakfast was excellent, highly recommend. 
Superb loaction 10mins, walk to metro station 20mins, walk to Eiffel tower Nice treat in the lobby with free soft drinks and snacks. 
Professional staff, polite property was clean, room was, as described, 
Was very cheap for london 
Staff Reception, WiFi, 
The location was perfect, The staff were friendly and helpful. 
Good access to tube Could leave luggage there after check out 
Comfortable bed - lovely bathroom 
Location friendly 
Excellent buffet breakfast 
The room exceeded my expectations and the 1st floor for kids was great. I loved the fact that there was a man making shaped balloons for the kids 
Good price compared to other hotels in the area and a great location, 
Location was amazing, Gay friendly, lovely, looking hotel, amazing views, room service menu is varied and not to harmful on the pocket, easy walking to westminster and south bank 
The very friendly and cooperative staff, especially Nadia the Front desk manager and Stephan 
Great location, excellent, helpful staff, 
Very modern Location is great. Staff was very helpful Loved. The idea of the honest bar 
Room facilities, very good Staff, wonderful Breakfast room a bit too small, but good food and service Location near tube bus and taxi the best ever Good value for money. 
Location is perfect, Staff are helpful and friendly very clean 
Great location rooms were nice, helpful, friendly staff. 
The friendliness of the staff 
Ideally placed for an early train, the room was clean and functional for one night There are plenty of bars, cafes and restaurants within walking distance. 
Room well presented bed, especially the pillows comfortable, walking distance to sites 
The only 5 star hotel in the Marais, My room had an enormous bathtub and a shower stall. The best location 
The decor felt so Parisian Friendly staff, especially our breakfast waiter, Great location, supermarkets close by and restaurants, Easy access to the Metro, 
Really comfy bed and a vibrant location with plenty of restaurants on your doorstep. 
Breakfast was good location is perfect, generally good value for money. 
Efficiency work, space ease with everything 
The guest lounge area is amazing: The staff are excellent. 
Everything excellent location, 
Staff was extremely helpful and kind 
The location was brilliant and the hotel was clean. 
Location was perfect. 
Close to Eiffel Tower by walk 
Staff and location 
The size of the room, 
Everything 
Friendly staff, comfortable accommodations, wonderful location, 
Nothing 
We stay here quite often when I am working in London, usually for only one or two nights at a time: Superb location for access to most of the key areas to visit and handy for several underground lines. Staff are always friendly and helpful, and the ability to leave luggage post checkout, we usually travel back late evening - is a big plus for us. The views across london from rooms on the higher floors are also amazing. 
Location is good. 
Great staff fast service, very clean, good location, easy transportation nearby great for my baby. They have provided us with both a bath and a crib 
Friendly staff, high standard room equipment with app controlled light, curtain, etc. Good restaurants and shops are nearby 
Location, great value for money; 
Unfortunately, I didn't get to spend enough time at the hotel to enjoy it as much as I for sure could have. The doorman. Concierge is superfriendly and helpful. He let us park in front of the door for 10 min, so we could unload and check in 
Breakfast buffet was amazing: Room was decent size, clean quiet and well laid out View was lovely Ferry was very helpful. Staff was very helpful. 
The staff did try to help when the first room they showed us was in the basement, with a jammed window and a door handle that came off in your hand. 
Very well trained staff, extremely friendly and helpful good room, size and amenities. 
Staff very nice and helpful Lovely setting on the Place de Vosges spoilt at times by sightseers, having a look. It was Louis XIII, mum's house. After all, An honesty bar can be dangerous thing. Never up in time for breakfast. So cannot comment Lots of cafes in the neighbourhood, so not a problem. 
The Place des Voges is beautiful and historic. It isn't centrally located or a quick walk to most museums, but a restful start or end to the day. The hotel's morning breakfast is marvelous. Outdoor space is comfortable, Many family groups were staying there. 
Clean bright, friendly welcome and staff foyer smells incredible sky bar, though wish was open, daytime great location. 
The staff were really friendly and helpful. It felt like a luxurious place to stay really nice decor Good products in the bathroom. It was super clean, 
I always have a nice stay at Grand Pigalle 
The vibe and decor The whole atmosphere 
Helpful staff and a good location near St Sulpice church, Our room had a partial Eiffel Tower view. 
Wonderful recently, remodeled rooms, Our room on 24th floor had an amazing view. 
Personnel was great from the beginning and throughout Junior suit I stayed is spacious. Also it has its own terrace. The hotel is located next to Louvre Museum and Concorde Avenue, which is quite close to every other location whereto. It can be easily arrived by the subway from Concorde subway station 
Very comfortable bed room, modern and spacious and clean Large and varied breakfast buffet Hotel, very functional with air conditioning, which was welcome in warm weather. If a little modern and bland convenient for metro 
Modern property, nice outdoor patio, 
Location and hotel service 
Very helpful staff, Fairly quiet location on a little piazza and direct access to opera rivoli marais 
Staff were excellent and gave great advise on things to do in the area. 
Very comfortable and spacious rooms and the bathroom had a great powerful shower. The location is ideal if you're working anywhere near Liverpool Street Moorgate, The overall feel of the hotel is more boutique, but you have the service levels and facilities of a larger hotel. There is also a great restaurant and rooftop bar The staff were very helpful and I found their room service and same day laundry service very useful. There is also the option to have a hairdresser come to the hotel. If you have a special occasion, although I would recommend booking this in advance of your trip, if possible, Free newspapers were also supplied on request, including the FT, I will definitely be staying at this hotel again next time I am in London. For me, it is the perfect sized hotel with all the home away from home, comforts that you need 
Excellent location within Paris, the hotel is 10 yards from Grands Boulevard, metro station Plenty of great bars and restaurants on the door step and Opera area is within walking distance. I would really recommend this hotel to anyone going to Paris 
Staff and location are fantastic. 
Comfy beds, great friendly staff, 
Liked the location, the staff and the cleanliness 
The manager at the breakfast venue was very friendly. She made us feel very welcome each day. The beds were very comfortable too 
Clean and very comfortable beds Well equipped kitchenette Very convenient for Eurostar 
Location, the spacious bathrooms 
Perfect location, elegant underwtate accommodation, excellent friendly staff, 
Booked a room on the 9th floor with a balcony, my wife, smokes and upgraded to a river view at check in It was worth the extra cash View was great London Eye The Shard Tower Bridge, just to mention a few landmarks. The room service breakfast was plentiful and delicious. It was never late. 
The location was perfect, with a bus, stop literally a few steps from the hotel itself, paddington station 2 minutes from the hotel and a variety of local cafes, restaurants and many other shops with a few minute's walk. It was extremely quiet and the rooms were spacious and kept clean on a daily basis. The staff were very accomodating and were willing to provide us with any service we requested. We ended up extending our stay and enjoyed every minute of it. We'Ll definetly be returning again soon. 
Excellent modern and clean hotel near Paddington Staion 
Good spacious room with air conditioning We switched over from a very horrible accommodation, long story late at night, Arbor staff was very helpful, got us a baby cot and hot water at midnight, Great service, great value for money; 
I stayed for 4 nights with family in two rooms, Rooms were clean, but small in size. Location is good, close to metro station and tourist attraction. Staff is helpful. 
Very friendly staff and the location was very central. 
Facilities shops are close to the hotel in a walking distance to Eiffel Tower. 
The location of the hotel is ideal for visiting Covent Garden and is only a 2 minute walk to the piazza 
Reception and restaurant areas very nice 
My second stay here This time we were there for the Tour de France final, The location near Champs. Elysees was excellent for that Also good metro access to multiple lines. The room itself was very big by Paris standards and very well appointed Nice breakfast Great selection of restaurants, close by and bars too recommend Harry's bar for cocktails. I came in on train to Gare de Lyon A very easy cab ride from there to hotel 
Location and nice, big rooms, 
Very clean rooms and very modern 
Lovely staff, great public transport options, good bar and restaurant options, nearby, 
The location is perfect and the staff was perfect. 
The veiw from the 9th floor, fantastic Breakfast, was very good lots to choose from 
Pillows were comfortable 
The people 
Quite spacious for Paris, excellent location, if you arrive by train close to Gare de Nord and Gare L Est Double room for family was actually two connected rooms with two bathrooms: VERY friendly receptionist from Manchester. Let us keep the luggage in the hotel after check out Hotel felt safe, 
Staff frendly very clean and comfortable good value for money. 
The staff were very friendly, We thought the location was perfect for us Close to the train stations we needed and a 35 minute walk to Eiffel Tower Arc De Triumph, and there were many restaurants nearby 
Everything was perfect, 
Location 
Location 
Nice modern hotel Funny as well, therefore uplifting 
Everything was very good. I enjoyed my stay very much and I have booked to come back this weekend. Room was very good, and staff and service were also very good. 
Great location staff were wonderful, lobby is gorgeous, as was the courtyard and my room, which was booked as a Classic King was very large and updated and beautifully decorated and faced the courtyard Doorman opened. The door took my luggage to bellman and all in all, was a fantastic stay, and, by the time I checked into my room, the luggage was already there. Hotel is a couple of blocks away from the Underground. Both District and Circle Lines so was very easy to get around. There is a little grocery store, 1 2 block away and a pizzeria also 1 2 block away Directly across the street is a cafe for breakfast and lunch Did I mention it was a couple of blocks away from Buckingham Palace, Very quiet and safe area Loved everything About it, 
We didn't like the view from our first room, so I asked to be moved. They were very accommodating. Breakfast was excellent included in our price. The hotel was beautiful, including the courtyard We had drinks there. Everything was wonderful, 
The place is ideal near to city center. The room was clean near to other restaurants. 
Helpful staff and good location 
Cleanness 
The young gentleman at reception was friendly, very efficient and very helpful, much appreciated in Paris, where so many hotel staff couldn't care less. The room was very small. You couldn't open the wardrobe while standing at the foot of the bed, but nicely furnished and practical Good range and choice at breakfast. 
Good location, tasty, breakfast and comfortable decent sized room 
Nice, clean rooms and a good public areas, 
Nice apartment 
Its a great place to stay, i think its one of the great places to stay in London, great value for money, great bed to sleep in 
The ambience is good. I like the staff and the room eventhough, it's quite small Wish. I could stay longer. 
Large room 
Excellent breakfast Funkie decor 
Great little courtyard garden, directly off the room unexpected in such a central location, 
Yes, 
Super clean comfortable rooms in a quiet neighbourhood despite the air conditioned equipment, 
Family members had stayed at this Hotel the previous year. It is in a really great area, with a good cafe: local pub and laundrette all within a few minutes. Walk Staff were very friendly and happy to help Our room was small, but was good value for money. 
Location was great, Room was lovely 
Staff were helpful. Room was amazing. 
Location location, location and very very accomodating and approachable staff. 
Priced reasonably for the location, 
Location 
My executive room was very spacious, stylish and comfortable. It was also very quiet, so I had an excellent night's sleep after a long, tiring day. 
Location and style of hotel 
Breakfast was good, 
Concierge were fantastic, very helpfull, 
Really liked the room and spa hotel was easy to get to from the metro. Also 
The decor was great and the location was fantastic For the price point. This hotel was ok, It's not up to the usual Best Western standards. 
Nice hotel in a good location, 
Very good will be staying again, Great room condition, clean lovely design and convenient technology. 
Area was nice, That's it 
It was my 2nd stay at the hotel and once again I had a great time there. Staff is very friendly, the room very nicely equipped with modern appliances and devices. I had a really nice and clean room with a plenty of light and a nice small bathroom. Just big enough and I'm not a small person, I like this hotel also for its location. There are multiple tube and bus stations around and even if there's a problem on any of the lines you can get there. Also, there are so many places to shop and get some food around that there is absolutely nothing to worry about. 
Very spacious and confortable room 
Staff was excellent, very helpful. Hotel was in a pretty good location and not far from lots of attractions. I spent 3 weeks in Europe and this by far was the best hotel during my entire stay. 
I spent four nights here with my sister daughter and a friend, The hotel staff were super friendly and were always available. The hotel was lovely, We had a privilege room, It had everything we needed: Tea, tray, coffee, maker, bathrobes and slippers iron and ironing board A lovely bathroom with a great shower. The room was spotless. The bed super comfy. There is a lovely tropical courtyard garden, A real little haven to return to after a hectic day in the city. It was my birthday during our stay and the hotel staff presented me with a cake and champagne at breakfast, A lovely gesture. The hotel was a three minute walk to the metro station at Place de Clichy. There'S lots of restaurants nearby, so plenty to choose from. We would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again. I could go on and on but best see for yourselves. This is a great little hotel with the best staff ever Look. No further. You won't be disappointed. 
Very friendly staff, great service from everyone, Amazing rooms, it was very clear: the hotel has only been open a few months. Everything was new, clean and modern, Very nice pool area. 
Really big corner room provided due to the amount of luggage we had Bed was extremely comfortable and large Nice clean bathroom with separate shower and bath Lovely bar area downstairs Good coffee machine in room Really quiet. We had a great sleep. 
Very close to the Chiswick Business Center were. I worked during my stay Restaurant to improve in the choice of dishes, Excellent location, close to Heatrow airport, Good, the price of the taxi provided by the hotel 
Requested one of the renovated rooms - and it was beautiful, 
Great location right down the block from the tube loved that Nice neighborhood 
Close to the Metro and bus stop, it was a quiet, location, peaceful, walk to the Seine 
Nice room layout, Loved the spacious and pretty bathroom with bathtub 
Absolutely no noise in the room from outside, very quiet, 
5 min walk from Gare du Nord Friendly staff, Attractively decorated hotel, Very welcoming Free coffee on the patio Good breakfast 
Top staff really warm and went out there way to make me feel comfortable Location is superb, especially if visiting O2 or Excel. I stayed in July over the London tri between July 22nd and 23rd and staff were superb 
I loved the fact that they will provide you with a smart phone free of charge that allows you to call with their free WI FI just about ANYWHERE in the world. You can also use the phone as you would. Your own phone Metro is walking. Distance Staff was very friendly, 
Very central 
Conveniently located near Paddington Station with easy access to Heathrow Express and Underground Near Oxford, Street shopping and easily accessible to Hyde Park. 
Location, the staff was very nice 
All of it superb elegant, excellent location, 
The staff was too young and lacking in knowledge to be helpful. Although they were very nice, The bar was wholly uncomfortable. The croissants were the worst in Paris. The bars of soap were tiny. The hotel is very quiet for Paris, 
Very friendly staff and efficient check in Very quiet and convenient Neighbourhood 
Friendly helpful staff, Small but well furnished very modern room, Very quiet and had everything I needed Powerful shower in a light and bright bathroom Breakfast was great, had salmon and eggs and they were more than happy to leave the toast off The continental breakfast looked comprehensive, although I didn't have any of that Great coffee from a bean to cup machine Small detail, but it makes the difference About a 2 minute walk from Euston Station and 5 minute walk to Regent's Place where my meeting was Would stay again. 
Proximity to Metro and restaurants. Staff spoke excellent. English 
Fair enough 
Clean and friendly staff 
Handy location to major, sights and metro Quiet street Very friendly and helpful staff. 
Great service, especially from the woman working at the bar on the main floor, 
Wifi location, 
The location and facilities at the hotel were great 
Staff very friendly and helpful and location ideal. 
Everything was great, Beautiful, small hotel in excellent location, friendly staff, 
The staff, especially Daniel, was very friendly. The decor is beautiful, The location is close to a lot of interesting places. 
Staff and cleaning 
Comfy bed, great shower accessories, souping, etc. Nice staff 
Staff on front desk was the only good thing regarding this hotel. 
Friendly staff size of room breakfast Easy check in 
Spa smoking, cabin public transport stops near bed and smart tv 
The property was okay, I can't complain. 
Nice swimming pool and water, fountains, Nice outdoor lounge area, The free drinks and tapas at five were greatly appreciated, Very helpful and friendly staff. 
Great location, 
Brilliant breakfast 
Excellent breakfast every morning and very helpful staff, Great location with museums, an easy walk; 
The hotel was in a great location and they were thoughtful enough to inform us prior to our arrival that a city wide taxi strike on the day of our arrival meant that we'd have to get the bus included in the message was a link to the relevant Bus service, The room was kept very clean and tidy by two maid visits per day. There was a large amount of choice at breakfast and the omelettes cooked on demand were really nice. We didn't have dinner at the restaurant, however, the pizzas from the bar were very good. 
The Axel is known as gay friendly and it definitely was. We had a good stay nice rooms and bathrooms and is walking distance from a host of restaurants and nightlife 
Great bar nice, clean hotel, 
Staff were extremely helpful and friendly 
Staff pool rooms, breakfast helpfulness, quiet taxi, rank close by new to Beach; 
My wife and I stayed at Princess hotel during our honeymoon. The hotel's location is brilliant and I personally think that's why it's rated so highly, While the room may have been a bit small. The view, however, was breathtaking. We stayed on the 26th floor and were offered complimentary snacks and drinks upon checking in 
The massage was so good. We had two Also the views from the 22nd floor was amazing. 
The fact that it's very close to great spots around And the Barcelona tourist stop is just infront of the hotel. 
Very good breakfast fresh orange juice and nice coffee 29th was my bday. The hotel surprised me with a bottle of cava. That really made me feel happy. 
The rooftop bar was nice, Staff were friendly and good location. 
Very large double bed, bigger than kingsize Spotlessly, clean throughout Spacious, family room Shower and bathroom area, modern and clean Two separate sinks, very handy for a family Airconditioning Mini bar fridge in hotel. We took some of their items out and used it for own water, wine, etc. Two supermarkets in neighbouing street for water drinks breakfast things if required, 
Perfect location and value for money, 
The breakfast was expensive, but delicious The hotel is gorgeous The terrace restaurant outside has a nice ambiance 
This hotel stands out for its great location and amazingggg Staff. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family and would also be my hotel of choice if I went to Barcelona in the future Great points of interest nearby - and I must say again, the staff was very friendly and helpful, Specially the receptionist Tarik. What a nice person My husband and I were very happy: 
The beds are comfy, 
Great location right near metro, train station plus well placed for travel on foot to Sagrada Famiglia and some other sights plus a modern shopping, mall Spotless, modern rooms and communal areas and amazing view from our room from roof top area, Lovely spa, Excellent staff. 
Spacious rooms, big beds, good air conditioning, very nice staff, Very clean Taxi to gothic area was 8 euros, Highly recommend the gothic area for amazing atmosphere and restaurants. 
Enjoyed the stay as it is close to the train and metro station 
Close to train station easy to find friendly reception staff 
The staff were professional, exceedingly polite and helpful 
Excellent location and value for money Highly recommend this hotel 
Very comfy, clean room with lots of space for a family, Large, bathroom and onsite pool was very welcome. 
Fantastic location, very modern hotel and clean 
Staff was exceptional, 
The staff was amazing, Location and room was perfect, Had time to enjoy drinks and sun by rooftop pool 
Room was spacious and quiet: a nice hydro, massage tub decent location in a residential area; 10 minutes from the city center by cab. 
Really lovely massive comfy bed 
Massive amounts of closet space 
A lovely boutique hotel in a central location, The staff were friendly, sn willing to help 
Clean beautiful and friendly service 
Very surprised with the location and quality of the room, 
Localization and kidness of all stafs great hotel super. I recommend 
Super comfortable beds, helpful staff, beautiful interior 
Great location, Bus stops, shops and restaurants are close by Helpful and friendly staff. Room was clean and comfortable. Excellent breakfast Will definitely stay again. 
Coffee hour at the rooftop was a nice touch. 
The hotel was at a good standard and for me, what makes it is the location and how close you are to all of the sites. The cathedral is on your doorstep and a lovely Vietnamese restaurant around the corner. 
The breakfast choices were good and the staff efficient 
Location very close to the metro station Very friendly front desk team. 
The hotel is well appointed and the staff exceedingly helpful. The women at the front desk assisted us in booking the Hop on Hop off tour, provided, transit information and made great suggestions for activities that might interest us. Our room was spacious for London and the breakfast buffet delicious. The proximity to the underground and local trains was excellent. 
The staff was extra helpfull, They almost assisted us in every aspect. They proposed the best restaurants and made all reservations, Guided us on places to visit. 
The room was well equipped, and the bathroom has a large shower. That is great. The interior design is really special and the hotels location was great for using public transport and close to Gaudi buildings and shops. The staff is really helpful about all things. Barcelona gave great ideas for restaurants, transport and places to visit. The wifi is fast and reliable. 
Rich breakfast comfortable rooms, perfect location booked with a daily deal, which was great 
Excellent location, 
Breakfast was extremely basic: 
Room was perfect for one person 
Bed was comfortable, Staff were amazingly helpful and accommodating Hotel was in a great location and easy access to the centre and attractions Great transport links. 
Loved the bed and the breakfast 
The property had good size double bed and the facilities such as the bathroom was big. The hotel was only a 10 15 min walk from the shopping centre and a 20 min walk to the beach 
The location 
Great location Very clean and pleasant hotel, The staff is really friendly. I will definitely come back. 
Very nice, hotel, great location, very central and staff were very friendly For sure we will come back again. 
The location 
Everything 
Great location, if you don't want to spend time and money for getting in and out of Amsterdam, 
Location and size of rooms, 
The location and the service staff 
Hotel itself, ok, Breakfast cost extortionate All hot food was very cool, could not eat so only cereals and toast no cooked breakfast 
Excellent hotel staff, everyone was so friendly and helpful Location was perfect right in the heart of Dam square, close the shops and restaurants. We got upgraded to a junior suite, absoulutely spoilt Amazing room. 
The design of the suite was tastefully decorated, Loved the modern feel to the room Loved the fender, guitar and CD wall. The bed was extremely comfy. 
The way Wouter helped us out with the check in incident. He is very customer friendly 
All 
The closeness to the Ajax Arena, 
Location very near ArenA and restaurant's food 
Very comfortable bed Great shower 
There is a trem number 2, just infront of the hotel very convenient. The staff were sooooooo nice anf helpful. The room was clean, big and comfortable. The breakfast for 12 5 euros was great. Free coffe machine in the room takes 10 15 minutes walking from the train station which, from there you can take a train to the airport about 10 minutes by train 
It'S a fairly new hotel 3 years, so everything is shining clean, attractive. Breakfast is truly amazing. The staff is very helpful. It has a tram right in front Rooms, are fabulous Net net. My family enjoyed their stay Free wifi. It is really good and after a long tour, u can watch movies in your room. 
Clean Comfortable 
Staff very friendly, very good breakfast easy tram, stop outside hotel 
Clean greta staff, excellent hotel, 
Didn'T eat breakfast there 
The neighborhood is perfect: You are right off La Rambla, so it is a 30 second walk there. Without the noise of people all around your hotel at night, The staff was very helpful. We had a medical issue and they were great 
Nice, clean great location, 
Very clean and luxurious family room, We enjoied the hotel location, the good breakfast and the great big jacuzi Helpful stuff. 
Starting with the excellent staff, we felt very welcome Very nice room and great terrace with bar Also very welcome. Snacks. Hotel is very well located, but we arrived in Barcelona during the taxi strike Not pleasant to take public transportation after a very long flight. But once we were greeted at the hotel, everything was great Only place to stay in Barcelona. 
Close proximity to LDO 
Good servise 
Location was good, Surrounded by cafes and longish, walking distance to main areas of Barcelona, Modern hotel, with good bathroom and excellent shower very comfy beds. 
Loved all the extras, such as the toiletries, slippers, hairdryer, etc, and the bed was very comfy. 
Confortable, a prop platja transport, public 
The hotel was fantastic, so full of character. The room was perfect. We staying in the Barlow wing in a premier room. It was my partners birthday treat. Whilst we were enjoying the spa, they had a bottle of bubbly sent to our room, an excellent touch. 
The hotel is situated in a nice neighbourhood which has a lot of restaurant bars and shops. There is a supermarket very close to the hotel. The area feels safe and the hotel is next to a police station. 
The location is excellent, near to public transportation and with stunning views over Amsterdam. Also, some of the reception staff members are really friendly and helpfull like Yulia and Max 
The restaurant service is outstanding, Excellent food prices, ok for the quality you get overall. Experience is certainly something to remember about the trip in Amsterdam. Modern decoration, very pleasant atmosphere, comfortable room Breakfast is ok, but a la carte for a busy hotel does not feel as the right decision for customers. 
Location was perfect, Staff were lovely and friendly, They organised a surprise bottle of wine for our friends birthday. 
Excelleny staff, very friendly, helpfull kind Hotel is really clean and relax. It seems a little bit far from city centre, but very close to metro tram and it takes just 5 10 minutes to reach city centre. 
The hotel was comfortable and new, Situated just outside the busy centre meant we could find on road parking for our hire car, which is free overnight, and we paid just a few euros for morning. Parking 
Very Comfortable spacious, clean quiet. We had an inward facing room, 
Rooms are clean and comfortable. The hotel is close to both Metro station and bus. Stop Great location. 
This place is well located and has wonderfull breakfast 
Kind of close to the airport and the transportation 
Gray, please to stay Friendly, Convent location, full of information from staff. 
The location is very good away from the hustle and bustle of La Rambla. In addition, the room was spacious, meticulously cleaned every morning and all towels and toiletries replaced. We were on the Club Lounge floor and though a coffee machine is not present as advertised the pastries offered were of good quality. The infused water at reception was a refreshing bonus. 
Swimming pool on roof 
Cocktails on the rooftop beside the pool, 
Great stay, Comfortable, clean and well situated. It was our first time visiting Barcelona. The hotel is an easy walk to the things you want to do Would definitely stay here again. 
Good location, 
The pool and bar area, The decoration of the hotel, 
The staff at the hotel were really friendly and accommodating. We were able to keep on our room to 3pm for an extra 30 despite check out being at 12pm. The location of hotel was excellent and the transport links around the hotel to get you to the top tourist spots around Barcelona were all so excellent and really close to the hotel. 
Very good location, excelllent, breakfast, very good cleaning, very friendly staff and special facilities. 
We mostly liked the comfort of beds and cleaning The stuff is great and very nice Breakfast was excellent. 
The pool and deck were lovely 
The breakfast was wonderful, the hair dryer was powerful, the bed was perfect. The staff super helpful Worth every penny. 
It is relatively near underground, train 
The modern style and design staff were friendly parking in the building near subway. 
The room is large and clean, and the bathroom exceptional 
Perfect hotel with very nice rooms and esp very friendly staff, The staff was very helpful and friendly any time we need some help. We need to also appreciate very tasty Five stars. 
Hotel atmosphere was great Nice and clean rooms. Staff were perfect, 
A really cool, ambiance, modern, the opposite of stuffy Staff, were really helpful, knowledgeable DJ played in the bar in the evening. It was clear from the clientele that this was a place to be. Food was great too 
The hotel is in a historic building on one of the main canals in Amsterdam within walking distance of most tourist attraction. Our room deluxe with canal view, was beautiful, large clasically decorated, The bed was huge and extremely comfortable. Breakfast was nice, fresh fruit, juices, cold cuts, pastry and warm dishes upon request. They also have a nice cosy bar with lots of books where you can have a drink or play. Backgammon Staff was very attentive and helpful. 
The best location in Vienna, beautiful hotel, excellent services, awesome breakfast everything was in a walking distance because of the hotel. Our trip to vienna was awesome. 
Location 
Big and clean, but a little far away from center 
Spatious clean value4money 
The hotel is very conveniently located. It took us 5 mins to get to the centre of the Old Town and st Stephen's Church Staff at the des was very helpful. Upon arrival, we were offered a free of charge old city tour with ENG guide to be held. The next day morning, which was absolutely great and make our 1 day in Vienna a great experience, The building is quite old. Obviously, it is located in historic part of the city and you can tell it by design of the rooms, bathroom etc, But everything is clean and neat and the service very good In the bathroom. I prefer a shower cabin rather than a bath with a glass screen that we received, but it was ok Overall worth recommending and certainly a very good choice when travelling to or through Vienna with 1 day visiting capacity. The service is very good, and the location gives an advantage of getting to top vienna spots by foot in 5 to 15 mins both to the old town, as well as to Prater 
The bed was very comfortable. The room in general was excellent. Nice clean bathroom basic toiletries available Nice staff too. I can't complain 
Were there for the U2 concert, Location is excellent. 5 minutes walking distance to the Arena. 
Great location for Arena 
The staff were amazing and very helpful with any questions we had. Hotel is close to metro, bus and train, So very easy to come from airport to hotel. The room were clean and quiet and bed was very comfortable. The food in the dinning room was very good, and service was great. 
Great spacious room, 
It was beside our venue, 
Nothing 
It was very chic and clean, The bathroom was big and beautiful. The staff was very friendly. 
The view from the 15th floor on the skyline of Amsterdam in the distance, The craft beer in the hotel shop 
Nice room, polite staff, easy location, good value, 
Location is very good. 
The staff certainly contribute to the success of this hotel. They were all very friendly, efficient. Couldn'T do enough to help. You Would agree that the entrance to the hotel does not attract, but once at reception that all changes We booked the suite. It was more like having our own apartment Located one floor up in a different part of the building. It was quiet, clean, very spacious, Kitchen area, lounge, dining room, large bedroom, modern bathroom shower relaxation area, separate WC, Tasteful combination of modern fittings, with original older building Pointed out to the maid that the bath water did not seem to drain away properly. Technician was there to sort it within minutes Wish other hotels were as efficient. Breakfast Dishes were freshly cooked to order Hotel Restaurant recommendations were very good. 
Very comfortable high end hotel in a superb location. 
Comfort, 
Perfect Location and room view 
We stayed in executive rooms with excess to executive longe. The room was big and nice, but the lounge is absolutely useless, always poor snacks and unnesessary drinks that you can have in your room. Don'T overpay for the stay. The hotel itself is OK with perfect location, close to everything. 
The room was very nice and I was impressed with the fact that a 3 star hotel has staff to bring your suitcase to the room. 
Magnificent location and clean hotel, The breakfast buffet, is awesome. 
Good coffee, Some friendly staff, but not all of them - 
This property is one of the most exquisite boutique hotels. We have stayed in. There are so many lovely things: the wonderful architecture and stylish yet comfortable, furnishings, the beautiful gardens and an amazing staff. Everything was perfect. The bed and pillows were so comfortable. I am going to buy the pillows for my home. The location was so romantic. It is right on a lovely street on the canal and we could hear the horse drawn carriages going down the street ever so slightly. We had the window open, Just wonderful, we will be coming back. 
Great hotel and location 
The Toren is in an excellent location. Beside a quiet canal, It is comprised of 2 canal side houses a few metres apart. The staff are extremely efficient and friendly. Our room was in the annexe building a couple of minutes down the road. We had a great view on to the canal: The bed was wonderfully comfortable and the room was quiet due to the double glazing. We had a large Jacuzzi bath as part of the room, but it could be curtained off. The breakfast was excellent value for money. Good buffet and hot food to order served in a beautiful, elegant room, which was also a nice relaxing bar in the evening. They also have a courtyard garden to sit in at the back of the main building The hotel made our trip. 
Good location, Large and comfortable room and well proportioned Sunny room Confortable beds, Friendly staff at the reception 
Location 
Location, I have stayed at the property 3 times now Came with 2 groups prior to the last stay. 
Location, Comfort, Cleanliness, 
Bed uncomfortable No much breakfast options: 
A good fit for family trips. I will for sure book again a room next time in Vienna. 
The breakfast was amazing: The junior suite room we had was very stylish and modern Nice to have complimentary water and a coffee machine, Lovely bed and bathroom. The location was great. Only a 5 minute walk from the Duomo. The communal areas of the hotel were very stylish too. The garage is immediately behind the hotel and the garage operator sorted out the 3 congestion charge, which was most convenient, Direct access from the garage into the hotel, 
We Stayed for two nights with my wife and two kids in Junior Suite with Extra Bed. The staff was very helpful and friendly. It'S just about 4 min walking from the Dumo and all shopping streets. It was fantastic Suite with a King size, bed and full Bathroom mentens with two LCD, The seating area with LCD and sofa bed. There is a balcony without setting just to see the city from up Hotel is very secured, so you can't reach your room from the elevator without your room, key 
Central location, 400 meter to duomo cathedral, very friendly staff, nice coffee shop, 
The service was great, they were very accommodating. Rooms were very nice. 
Staff seemed friendly lobby was clean and tidy 
The staff were very helpful and pleasant without road works, the location would be good. 
I liked how was easy to get to the hotel fro airport 
Location and staff wher superb Room with balcony, is so much fun. 
Exceptional hotel right next to Museumsquartier Staff is friendly rooms and hotel in general is stylish and the rooftopbar blows your mind. Would definetly come back P S Free minis available. If you need them, 
The hotel is in a quiet, neighbourhood and lent itself to a relaxed atmosphere. It is well located in terms of malls public transport, leizure 
Freundliches Personal 
Absolutely fabulous hotel Everything from the interiors of the reception, the staff, the level of service, the funky room and the rooftop pool terrace were wonderful, A very enjoyable stay In the Eiaxample area of Barcelona, so a walk to marina and old town, yet benefits from a peaceful Location Loved the in room music system which pumped through to the bathroom Very informative reception staff. 
Very clean, comfortable and modern 
I liked the free mini bar, I loved the location of the hotel near Mariahilfer street and metro stations. 
The hotel is very well located near the Westbannof and near 2 subway stations. It is on Mariahilfer street, which has plenty of restaurants and cafes Shopping on that street is also excellent. Breakfast at the hotel was expensive, so I didn't use it and instead had breakfast in the street Excellent choice of hotel overall, and I recommend it. 
Good room size for family of four, with sofa beds, prepared upon arrival, Good value for money and service. Very much willing to assist. 
The bed, the shower the cleanliness 
Really nice comfortable rooms Very easy to access the city as the tram line is right out front Staff were lovely and would definitely stay again. 
Rooms were clean, the washroom was excellent with a modern design and the staff was very friendly. 
The bed and shower, where amazing 
The breakfast was excellent: Great location across from the trolley stop Very clean and updated hotel. 
Size and composition of the room, fantastic setting of the hotel in the port area, great views, friendliness of the service, good breakfast 
Everything from room to breakfast 
All is nice love, the hotel will come again. 
Close to public transportation, The gentleman at front desk went out of his way to help us with different questions. Breakfast and supper in garden was great. We ended our family Danube biking trip here. The rooms were quiet and comfortable 
The hotel lobby 
The decoration, the history of this hotel and how it is been reinnovated the reception and customer relations staff were very helpful. We looved the breakfast part and how the staff in the breakfast section were very friendly and keen to serve us, especially the smily man who really took care of us. I think he is the supervisor chief or the place supervisor, Not sure We had really wonderful breakfast everyday of our stay in this hotel. 
Beautiful view of canal from our room Staff, especially Guido, were wonderful Room was bright, clean and comfortable. We Loved It Wish we could have stayed longer and enjoyed the breakfast room. We had too early of a flight home 
Excellent SERVICE: Bravo 
High standard and near to Palace area, 
Staff are simply fantastic, Really helpful and very cheery Hotel was fantastically located and is a very interesting concept. 
It was my wife's 30th and there was a little treat arranged at no extra cost. 
Location 
Lovely quiet, location near the museum area and the Heineken Brewery Easy access to the canals 
It'S super central and looks very modern. 
Excellent location Only 100m from the spectacular La Rambla road 
Nice staff, luggage, storage, good internet, Good location, Apple Mac in room Observation, deck Starbucks in property, Free bottled water refrigerator in room 
The sky lounge 
Great Location, Very neat rooms, Very cool bar on the roof sky bar 
Located next to Centraal station Modern facility, Great breakfast 
Nothing room was tiny staff at front desk was rude, room was not cleaned properly each day. This is not a 4star hotel. 
Breakfast is great nice room. 
Swimming pool 
The walk in shower was lovely, Very clean hotel, 
Were several mini beaches 5 minutes away from hotel on the lake nearby was perfect for afternoons. After exploring the city 
Breakfast WiFi, 
It was clean and a good value. 
Incredible staff, Comfort and security and definitely elevator C 
In general, hotel is good Nice and rich breakfast Security was very nice and friendly, smiley, Good location. Some 15 minutes from the beach 
Great breakfast Great spa Room was great Close to metro Taxis, not expensif, for downtown 
It was very neat with great facilities, Good location staff, 
Really liked the atmosphere staff friendly, always ready to help 
Good location rooms are of good size, 
The room was good size, Nice, bathroom, good, shower, Cleaned, throughly, everyday Everything we needed under one roof; great location, 
Location 
Location service, food Everything was great 
I cannot praise the staff enough at this hotel. They were incredibly helpful and friendly right down to the chef bringing around warm fresh crossaints to guests. During breakfast, The bed was very comfy. The hot water actually stayed hot and we had a lovely view of the sea from our room window. The gym was quite well equipped and I was lucky enough to have it all to myself. One morning The lounge and pool area was a lovely place to catch. Some sunshine 
Staff were super friendly and helpful. Faultless pool and bar area were really great. 
Nice hotel with good access to nearby shopping, mall and metro station Rooms are clean and decorated fairly. It is not too far to the public beach as well. 
That we received an update into a superior room and the welcome drink was a very nice guestere too 
A hotel with character, perfect rooms and great location, 
Great location Staff really friendly 
We were greeted with chocolates and champagne in our room, as we were celebrating our honeymoon 
Nice, hotel, good location and great staff, The room was quiet, spacious, clean and comfortable. The food was delicious. Wifi was OK, 
Excellent location, very modern and very well maintained The staff were very helpful and courtious Rooms are a good size and very comfortable. We had a few small issues on arrival that were sorted out very promptly and efficently. We stayed at the hotel at the beginning and the end of our holiday to Lake Como and it suited our needs as a link to the city centre and the airport I'll definitely use again. If I'm, when I visit Milan 
Position perfect excellent value, friendly staff, delicious breakfast 
Well, located with easy to find parking, surprise 
We had 2 nights at the end of our trip. Everything was really very good, Great location, near Shops and the Duoma and other facilities. 
Closeness to central railway and good restaurants, 
Very nice, hotel and excellent location 
Ok, hotel 
Great customer service staff, wonderful accomodations, 
Beds were comfortable staff was highly attentive. 
Wonderful room, great rain, shower beautiful pools; 
The beds are amazing, 
Superb unbeatable location, absolutely fantastic, Very friendly, helpful staff, Excellent facilities. We were lucky enough to have a big room with a lovely balcony. On the 9th floor We had a view right over Plaza del Catalunya. We LOVED it and will go back there if we ever return to Barcelona. Wifi was excellent, full strength signal in our room, Possibly not fast enough to stream HD video, but it was great for normal browsing, Lovely breakfast if a bit expensive, 
The staff greeted us with campaign and quick service, The staff spoke multiple languages and were very helpful. The bathroom was the best we have experienced in Europe. A few feet from pubic transportation, La Rambla and Catalunya Square was perfect for enjoying a great city. 
I would go back for the rooftop pool alone. It looks like a posh Ibiza resort, but without the fat tourists hogging pool space at 8am, The whole area was designed to make me feel way wealthier than I actually am, and I loved every minute of it. The room was huge: The bathroom was so big. I could fit a whole London hotel room in it. I'M such a terrible planner. I didn't realise the hotel sits on Placa Espanya. So if you get food poisoning like my travel companion, you might be able to see one of Barcelona's most beautiful sites from your bedroom window. Unfortunately, my view was of a slum like alley. 
The room and the views plus it was great to have a shopping, mall right next door. 
The room was excellent: 
It was my daughter B day and they were very kind to put a baloon in the room with a card. She was so happy. This small big attentions have to be recognized. Thank YOU. The staff, the location, the facilities Overall, 5 
I liked the night time staff and the bar The lady at the reception at night helped us a lot and was very kind. Another front desk guy helped us when an order was a no show and gave us two free drinks for the bar. That was nice. The barmen was a pro too 
Everything more than perfect, i never see all staff in any other hotel in Holland like this hotel. I miss the 2 person front of the door hotel this 2 person different color, but same Blood, this 2 person very friendly with all staff and all gust hotel. Many great to HR Manager for choosing all this staff in art, otel with same cute and same blood. I rely enjoyed my stay in art, otel, 
Very Good Hotel, Superb Staff and facilities 
The location, room, layout and lightening 
Room was nice 
Convienance of the location, general atmosphere and helpful staff. 
Lovely garden, courtyards perfect for summer weather, Good restaurant, pleasant bar and cafe Very helpful and friendly staff. 
Nice atmosphere in a very contemporary hotel, Very relaxing and nice bar area downstairs. The staff were very happy and very helpful. 
Very friendly staff 
Location and the staff were very kind and helpfull 
Rooftop pool 
Beds were comfortable, Lovely room view, nice, fluffy, towels, 
Various rich breakfast very nice staff, 
Staff is nice, 
The location is great, 
Excellent hotel in a central location, Lovely decor and very comfortable rooms Welcome drink on arrival was an added bonus. 
Late check out Great bedroom, even though de Luxe is not worth it just a bath on your terrace terrace. On the 1st floor with no view 
The staff at hotel were excelant, so helpfull 
The service provided at the desk, especially the gentleman He was very patient, friendly and supportive Best information staff. 
Beds were super comfy and the roof top 360deg terrace with bar and small pool was amazing. 
Location 
The rooms were very generous in size and the rooftop pool was amazing. 
Location was excellent, easy to walk to all major attractions in Vienna and very quiet Friendly and helpful staff. Very clean air conditioning comfortable beds, adequate sized room, good bathroom facilities, Plenty of lovely cafes and restaurants. Nearby, Lovely building and lovely ambience Would recommend 
Great location, Awesome, retro building, but all facilities are new, Very pleasant, stuff. 
Perfect location, perfect vacation, 
Staff very friendly, Very clean Shuttle tax was arranged, cost 50 Euros one way from airport to hotel 
Room size, quite small, but adequate with good decor well presented Tapas in afternoon was a nice touch. I received a bottle of Cava on my Birthday, curtocy of hotel 
The hotel's location was excellent and the look of the hotel was great loved. The atmosphere of the hotel and surroundings Would definitely stay here again. If I was to visit Amsterdam again, 
Location was great close to down town breakfast was very good. The bed was small but comfortable. 
The hotel was modern and the room was comfortable. The concierge was very helpful and gave us much of the information. I would have expected from the front desk at check in 
The room was great, very nice furniture, comfortable bed, The bathroom was spacious and modern. Everything was new and clean. 
Even though it's like an hotel apartment, it's cleaned, everyday Staff is very friendly, and it's in the heart of Vienna, great location, 
Location, clean and modern hotel, Complimentary, coffee bar 
The rooftop pool and bar were really lovely 
Great room once I had upgraded from my single room, Staff were very friendly and rooms clean and comfortable. Breakfast was good and plentiful. 
All very good 
I stayed for a week, the breakfast was perfect and Staff efficient and friendly 
Excellent Staff very helpful and friendly Would definately, recommend and stay again. 
The views from the bedroom and the rooftop terrace were phenomenal. It is definitely worth paying the extra 15 for a room with a view. 
I think I loved that part of the city, because it is quiet, OK, a bit far away, but there was kind of serene environment don't know, maybe because of the docks 
Close to the DLR Very good reception staff Had a lovely evening meal served by a very nice Spanish waiter. Breakfast was ok. I'Ve had better Clean confortable hotel, 
Staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Location is really good. 
Size of room breakfast selection, 
It was great experience and nice stay Very coordial and helpfull staff, with good rooms and good location. 
Large apartment very clean 
The hotel is beautifully decorated and definitely different from what I have seen of late. The staff were super helpful most of the times, and we really enjoyed making use of the pool area They make killer sangria cocktails as well. 
The rooms are very comfortable and clean, Quiet, hotel, but central location, Lovely staff, 
The hotel is just in the middle of gay area walking distance to a metro station 3 5 mins, walking distance to the centre; 20 mins good value for that money. Rich breakfast, nice fancy, interiors 
Clean and comfortable room Friendly staff, A really nice self service, expreso coffee machine available, 24 7 at the lobby. 
The rooms were lovely with a comfortable bed and a great shower. The staff were great and very helpful. 
The hotel is clean and the staff was nice. 
The hotel itself is beautiful, Very romantic, perfect for a couple going away together, Very friendly and helpful staff. All in all 10 10 will defo be visiting again. 
This is my second stay in this nice hotel, Nice staff Near to park Adjacent to technology, technical museum, which is great if you like, since engineering and history of human civilization development, It is quite, I would recommend it for others. 
Go for it. Hotel was a good choice. Overall, 
The ambience of the hotel, The good hygiene, The ever helpful stall, especially the front of house people at the reception, The housekeepers were very efficient and cheerful, as they went about the essential work that they do. 
Breakfast was amazing: 
Very comfortable beds, room was spotless. Staff were very helpful. 
Lovely breakfast Handy location for the museum quarter and right beside the hop on hop off bus route too. 
Cleanliness and comfy bed 
Great Hotel, 
Perfect location, mezonet room is very comfortable for family Besutiful, inner garden 
Accommadation was basic, but location and breakfast was excellent. Some staff were very helpful. 
Friendly staff, good breakfast Excellent location, 
Beautiful lobby and rooms Very comfortable Seemed well thought out Helpful staff, All the amenities we wanted. Excellent breakfast 
Amazing hotel Amazing staff, Amazing experience 
Beautifully decorated, 
Great LOCATION Smack dab in the center of the city, where it all happens Off Stephenplatz 20 steps from the Underground U1 U3. Our room did not have a couch, and instead, it had a desk, which was very helpful for doing work on the laptop. Our king bed was two twin beds, put together with comfortable mattresses. The room is pretty large for Europe with hardwood floors and relatively large bathroom Shower, tub is narrow, but manageable Service is good and the continental breakfast included in the room rate is absolutely GREAT. The best breakfast I've ever had in all my trips to Europe, A large buffet of meats, cheese, fruit, bread, dairy cereal juice and good coffee, 4 Nights cost us 438 euros. A very good deal, including breakfast. The hotel has a working elevator and a safe and AC. In the room, Our room is on the first floor, which is really the 2nd floor for Americans. The location is absolutely dead center to everything. You'D want to see in Vienna and you could walk everywhere. If you wanted to 
The room was spacious, with three comfortable huge beds. The bathroom was very clean, with multiple cosmetics included, The tea cups and kettle provided in the room Location, very close to the direct train to the city centre, only 15 minutes very convinient, Close to the two big stores with food and some restaurants. 
Breakfast was excellent: Air conditioning was brilliant and quiet Daily cleaning and towel replacements. 
Very clean, comfortable and the staff were very friendly. 
Very helpful and friendly staff Easy to get to centre on trams and buses Supermarket and restaurants nearby 
The room was disgusting, Staff were fantastic Needs, a bit of tlc and maybe a decent, cleaner. 
The subway is 2 steps away from the hotel very convenient 
The spa is amazing: 
Just the right hotel for a city centre hotel would recommend to anyone. 
Very clean, comfortable 
Great location, 
The rooms were so clean, 
Great location, Very good service from the staff, the room, big enough and clean Excellent experience. 
Super room and bathroom Great breakfast, Fantastic location and views of the Thames and Tower Bridge. 
Nice hotel bed uncomfortable love, the rooftop bar 
Super views of the city 
The view from the roof 
The stuff was so friendly. They were trying to help. I like everything, 
Location is good room relatively spacious, 
Breakfast here was very good: full buffet, all fresh, even champagne, for those who enjoy some for breakfast staff were very attentive. Great rooms, generous bathroom 
Very friendly and helpful staff, One of the receptionists seems to speak all European languages, Delicious breakfast Very good location. 
Location 
The public areas of the hotel are excellent. There is an inside restaurant and also an outdoor eating and drinking area. There is an indoor pool and a garden area for sunbathing. There is also a sauna steam room and gym which are all free for hotel guests. We found all staff to be very customer, focused 
Extremely clean, modern, massive room and bed great awesome, modern bathroom breakfast yum Much much more bigger room than pic show Staffs super helpful nice, especially Miguel and lady at Reception, will stay again here next time. 
Breakfast is amazing and the rooftop area extremely nice, 
Perfect location, Loved the rooftop, jacuzzi and pool Staff were lovely belongings, felt safe, left in room 
Friendly staff, good location with plenty of bars and restaurants close by 
Quietness 
Location of the hotel is top Close to underground and public transit, and if you prefer a cab, the hotel will call and they always arrived in less than 5min. The breakfast selection was amazing: organic yogurt, fresh honey, direct from the bees nest, even a juicer. An many more standard breakfast options, Clean rooms, helpful and friendly staff made this an excellent stay. 
Very central and modern, Great breakfasts Roof top bar too 
Big comfy bed, really nice staff, great location, excellent breakfast buffet 
Excellent Location, 
Real fresh orange juice at breakfast, 
The effort made to cater for gluten and lactose free needs. 
Excellent location, walking distance to Duomo and to the very lively, Navigli neighbourhood, The rooms are comfortable and updated. Breakfast is excellent and the staff was courteous if perhaps a little stiff. The hotel itself is not very large and has no spa or fitness facilities, which I would have expected of a 5star, but it had everything that you require and the accommodations are more than adequate. I would recommend - and I would definitely return 
The room was comfortable, The bed was comfortable, The water pressure in the shower was good. The AC worked well, The internet was fast, The hotel is not too far from the metro and it's only 10 minute walk from the shopping district and Duomo Cathedral. There are many restaurants around the hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful. The TV had a lot of international TV channels to choose from 
We liked the spacious room, since we are a family of 4 traveling with a lot of luggage. Also, we liked the proximity to Milano Centrale 
Marconi is an easy walk, easy to find from the central station where we arrived from Malpensa Airport by bus. Our rental car, when we moved on, was again an easy walk. Two blocks away: Hertz supplied the great little Toyota which was booked through rentalcars com, brilliant 
Staff were great breakfast, not bad, given the price location of the hotel is quite good. Wifi worked well. If you hire a car, there are a number of car parks within walking distance at Central station. 
Directly across from the station Very convenient 
It has a modern look on the exterior, as well as the interior, 
Very friendly staff nice size room, easy to get to will definitely stay there again. 
Excellent location, wonderful roof, terrace for drinks rooms, very nice and staff, courteous Room service, speedy and reception staff for visitor questions. Helpful 
Terrace and roof top pool 
They allowed us an early check in, And the property is only five minutes, walk from Porta Romana metro station, which goes directly to Duomo and Central Station. 
This is our second stay at the Grand Hotel Central. We enjoyed our stay, the first time so much. We were more than happy to return and stay a second time. We love the location of the hotel, It's very central to all the sites of Barcelona. You are walking distance to the beach La Boqueria Food Market, the Gothic area, El, born, etc. The price of the hotel is worth it for the location. The room is very clean, comfortable and modern. The staff are extremely helpful and professional. We were pleasantly surprised when we received an upgrade to a larger room, even during high season Highly recommended. 
Great location, helpful staff, 
We were celebrating our anniversary and were given a lovely letter chocolates and a bottle of Cava with the compliments of the management. This was a very kind gesture and much appreciated. The hotel was situated in a very good area, close to restaurants, theatre bars, shops and close to public transport, which was very convenient and easy to use. The concierge was very helpful on our first day. Booking tours with very little notice. Hotel was very clean Check. Out was very quick and easy. 
Intimate 
Excellent location, great value for money, 
Location is excellent. Close to bus 73, going direct to Linate airport and 8 minutes walk to Duomo 
Good hotel and clean There is a subway station nearby to go to Doumo and back 
The double room was pretty large and the bed comfy enough for a hotel bed. 
The public transportation is very close to the hotel. There is also a 24 7 store within walking distance, Very quiet area, Comfy bed and a minibar in the room. 
The breakfast had a choice of bread, cakes, croissants, cereal bacon, sausages, egg ham, cheese juices, coffee hot chocolate, tea fruit. Although the watermelon looked like it had been there for the duration of the stay, as in staff, didnt change it but thats assumption from its appearance. The free shuttle service takes 6 minutes to get to the train station, where you can then explore Milan Without the shuttle I would've labelled the location lower as there is not much around as getting anywhere from the hotel is quite expensive, so grateful for the free shuttle. The front desk staff were helpful, although one was a little frustrated by the time we needed to change rooms from the third time onwards. I thought it was quite cheap for 4 star, but you get what you pay for. 
Staff was great, friendly and very helpful. They even left a little gift for our daughter in the room when we arrived. It was very nice to get this Thanks. Alot 
The hotel is massive, looks a bit like Austin Powers, decorated it as it is bright purple centred in what looks like a council estate and empty buildings. The rooms are huge and has good shower facilities, but no bath, maybe just our room. The breakfast is massive, but does not cater to vegans, as they suggest on the website, which was disappointing. Most of the staff were lovely, but there were one or two that treated other customers. Quite rudely could be a valid reason for this. 
The room was a big size, its a Very big hotel, The breakfast room was crowded and the food was of average quality In the breakfast room. When attempting to make a cup of tea, the water was not clean, But when we pointed this out, a lovely employee gave us a teapot with hot water to make tea. She then checked the machine and said that it needed a clean. It was summer time and the aircon didn't work very well, But it was not too uncomfortable. The hotel is Very easy access to the airport and city centre via train, which was very handy Overall. The stay was good, but personally i would not stay again as i prefer a good breakfast, but it was a good budget hotel in a good location, and it was a very nice looking place. 
Was a clean place, The apartment was very comfortable with lift The personal staff was friendly, Very good price. The breakfast was amazing, very good. The area was beutiful 
The beds were very comfortable free, wi, fi and parking, and the metro was only a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The breakfast was very nice. 
Good hotel overall 
Room was clean and fairly close to two metro stops Once you know the way its easy, The hotel was clean and staff was friendly and helpful. Lots of good shops and restaurants close by Bed was a bit hard and the large bed is actually two twins pushed together, Not great for cuddling 
Beautiful Hotel, Clean and huge rooms Service minded staff, 
The quality of the breakfast was superb, It looked very apertising. 
The staff not helping - and there are very firm and aggressive when my iPhone stolen from me, and ask for some helpful to call plice or guide me to police station, not give any assistance. 
The hotel was modern and clean 
Ample parking short welk to metro 
All the staff from front desk security, restaurant housekeeping were all courteous, warm and professional Loved. The tea selection in the room Breakfast spread was amazing and the restaurant staff were all extremely pleasant. 
Friendly staff at reception that were very accommodating and knowledgeable, We received a free room upgrade to the business class room, excellent rooms. The tram and train station are almost put the door and connect you to Milan central with ease 
Very nice room Very comfortable bed. 
The hotel has an excellent restaurant with a great selection of wines. 
Staff, EXCELLENT GOOD ENGLISH 
Great location, a short walk from Milan Central Station, Very quiet location Rooms are very nice, a bit old fashioned in decor, Good facilities and excellent buffet breakfast Good value. We have stayed there 3 times this summer. 
Nice spacious and quiet room, comfortable bathroom with bath tube Kind service at reception, desk 
Comfortable room, nice, linens and matress: Superb breakfast 
Rich foods 
Not very close to the Milan Centrale station, so don't bother walking, take the 24hr pub transport pass, so it will take 15min to reach, buy bus and you can travel the whole city also its not very far from corso Buenos Aires, the shopping street. There are some eateries nearby, also Overall, a good place. 
Overall, we were satisfied with everything, especially the breakfast 
The hotel was modern and fresh, and the staff were very helpful. We preferred being slightly out of the main hustle and bustle of Milan and would recommend this place to other travellers. We enjoyed having a few drinks in the bar in the evening, but would have liked abit of background music. This hotel was also close to the tube station under 10 min walk, which was a perfect way to get in and out of the city. 
Very reasonable 
Location 
The Jacuzzi was most excellent: 
Breakfast was excellent and good value for money. 
Great traditional good for family, Very nice staff, 
The staff were extremely helpful and professional 
I liked cleanliness of the room and new furniture 
Very great staff, very good room service; 
It was ok, 
Great location, just a 5 minute walk to the metro and a shopping and dining promenade Comfortable beds, nice size, room and bath Hotel is on a quiet street. We never heard any street noise. Good air conditioning good WiFi Ivan at the front desk was especially kind and helpful in getting us settled in to our room after a minor glitch which resulted in a room change. 
Staff, helpful and nice extras, like mini bottles of cava, on arrival and free portable phone charger. 
Good location, close to public transportation and walking distance from a number of attractions, Small but clean rooms, Good value, 
Very comfy bed and excellent WiFi 
Perfect location, 
The accessibility by foot to many nice places 
Absolutely superb location, very spacious, courteous and prompt valet parking, a huge plus in central London 
Great location and staff 
Great breakfast location right in Amsterdam and close to a metro, stop The design of the hotel is awesome and the beds were so comfortable Nice and helpful staff too. I would 100 recommend The Student Hotel, Amsterdam City, 
Everything about this place is just right, location, staff, people staying there, everything its just one of the most awesome places in Amsterdam. The property is made keeping the new age customer in mind. It reflects the mindset of the generation today. It truly was an experience. Staying here. 
Super Nice Hotel with a very friendly and professional staf. We had a problem with our booking. It was our own fault, but the assistant manager Ayesha did everything in her power to help us. We were very happy with the service and the stay And they gave us icecream and stroopwaffels at the check in The neighbourhood has a lot of breakfast and dinner options at walking distance as wel as the subway to go to the city centre. 
The interior, clean and fresh resembles something from a made com catalogue. 
An old facade hides a modern hotel with nice staff. The location next to the Main Station is a plus too 
The hotel is very close to the station, which is very convenient if you have to travel by train. Also, it is close to a metro station with fast connection to the city center. The personnel in the hotel is very kind. They try to help you with any need and provide a lot of touristic information. I found the ratio quality price excellent for a hotel in Vienna. 
It was a very clean and tidy hotel and staff were very helpful. 
Good breakfast 
Location 
Hotel located close to tube bed, very comfy staff, extremely polite and friendly, didn't need anything more for my short city break. 
Location was good and staff were ok, It is cute hotel. The breakfast range is nice, Will go back, 
Great location in nice surroundings, the bar and restaurant are nice and have a lovely outdoor area. The building also has quite some character. 
Great restaurant bar very green area - you dine literally in the park great place for morning, run 
Nice property and building 
Rooms, lovely and tastefully decorated staff very friendly and helpful, and breakfast was super 
Location was great, easy walk to London, eye and Big Ben as well as many other attractions in this area. Hotel staff were great, very helpful. Breakfast buffet was very good. Food was very fresh and well presented and, although very busy staff were very efficient to make sure every one was well looked after 
Location, cordial staff, 
Great location, 
Hotel was nice and clean 
The loacation is very good. 
Breakfast was amazing, great choice and really fresh 
Very friendly and helpful staff, the breakfast was lovely 
Great check in staff and loved the room 
Very nice restaurant All rooms are different, even in the same category. I did not like the room that was offered and staff proposed me to change for another one free of charge. 
Great friendly staff, Wonderful location, 
It was clean and nice enough and not too far from tour spots. 
Consistently excellent 
The Hotel is just great, we have stayed before, but it would seem they have new staff now and it made all the difference from our last trip. The lady that greeted us was wonderful, as was the lady, that assisted her just really very professional, but by no means over the top. An absolute pleasure 
The location was great, it was very convenient to walk to restaurants. It was at the major metro, stop and easy to walk to different areas for shopping. 
Prefect location, quiet, excellent if you dont want the noice of the city plenty of nice, restaurants, 
Great location for traveling using the Eurostar, which is why we picked this hotel spot on with location. 
Location and environment, some staff is very helpful. 
I have stayed at ACE Palm Springs and loved. It so thought I'd check out, ACE London. As part of my stay in London, On both arrival and departure, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is designed to a very high standard. I booked a standard double room which was very comfortable and, more importantly, clean. The bed linen was very good quality, as was the bathroom and accessories facilities. 
Immaculate very comfortable nice, quiet location, pleasant staff, lovely breakfast 
Helpful and friendly staff close to Metro and RER stations. The location is easily accessible from the Peripherique Nice room very clean and silent. 
Rooms were very well equipped, Staff were very helpful and friendly, especially Sara, and breakfast was great. 
Fantastic attentive staff Made our stay very pleasant and would definitely return 
The location Staff are great Nearby shops, 
Room was cleaning every day; 
The hotel is lovely, The staff are friendly and helpful, The location is wonderful, The room was clean and the bed was fantastic. We had a room that opened out to the street and there was no noise at all at night. The bus to the airport 11 Euros is walking distance. It is close to the metro, the Madeleine, the opera and great shopping. 
Wonderful atmosphere and a stunning view of Paris at night: 
Nothing 
Room smelled so good, always clean, perfect size, cozy and comfortable Bathroom also good size, great water pressure, Extremely nice staff. 
Best part is the location of the property, Bang Opposite Hyde Park and right above the Queensway Tube Station Notting Hill Orchard Street, all within walking distance 
Location was fab and the staff were second to none. 
The staff was friendly, The bed very comfortable. The hotel is very well located. The room was not noisy at all. 
Only THE LOCATION, 
Hotel is ideally located for tourist attractions. 
The pool is great and staff are very friendly. 
The location and price is very good for work near Euston Road 
The room was grate, clean and comfortable bed included everything. We need good value of money, especially with this price for paris. 
Managers and staff were so helpful and friendly Really made our stay. Extra special, The Hotel was very comfortable quirky and the extra effort to highlight the arts was excellent. 
The otel is located opposite Hyde Park. You can go every where by lovely red buses, Rooms are really comfortable and clean Breakfast could be better, but it is enough would prefer to stay there at the second time. 
Very quiet room Amazing, given the location Staff very friendly, 
The room was comfortable 
Interesting building, whth a fascinating history, Staff were friendly and efficient and facilities were excellent. 
Amazing staff, great restaurant, beautiful design, convenient location, quiet room, large TV, 
Great hotel, 
Changed our view of the french hospitality in a positive way altogether: Its a hidden gem in the city, Great location and great staff. We will go back again. 
Location 
The choice at breakfast was vey good, 
Nothing in particular, 
Staff was friendly, 
Beautiful decor and great location 
We were given 2 single pull out beds, which were ideal for our little ones On arrival. They were given toys and there were toys on their beds. When we got into the room too, The bed was extremely comfortable. We had room service 3 times due to one of us being unwell, and the food was delicious and portions were very good. 
Staff of the Hotel 
Staff was friendly and accommodating 
Location Luxury Breakfast amazing, 
Room service waa very fast. The view was amazing. 
Location Staff bed and the room f 
Friendly helpful staff Clean 
Great staff room was larger than we thought, and the food was very good. Location was excellent. 
The location was fantastic, Close to everything. 
The rooms and quietness All was very clean check in was faster 
The location is perfect for access to major sites in Paris. 
Lovely comfy, bed, quiet and bright 
Super clean new hotel with a lot of extras excellent afternoon, welcome drinks and snacks and great breakfast 
Always enjoy staying at novotels in UK, hence picked Novotel Paris, Lovely hotel in a poorer part of city. Hich should be mentioned In the advertising g 
High focus of attention in making our family feel welcome. Buffet breakfast delicious Staff very friendly and accommodating 
Nothing 
Breakfast crazy, expensive, no sense, bed super comfortable, 
Great location and views over the Thames and staff were really kind polite and very helpful. 
Kind and helpful staff Great stay Great experience. 
While this is a self service property, the reception staff was super helpful and willing to go out of their way. 
The first contact was very pleasant with Edward the concierge. Thank you to him, A very big thank you to the whole team of breakfast service. The friendliness was great. 
Great hotel in excellent location, friendly reception staff, 
The location was excellent, Just a short walk to the Earl's Court tube station. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The breakfast that was included offered many choices. The room we had was cozy nice and clean, but I don't think it was luxury, even though it was advertised as luxury four poster bed. 
Close to the Eiffel tower, 
The scrambled eggs were really yummy. 
Location, GREAT NICE, BREAKFAST 
The staff really went the extra mile for us and the concierge was brilliant. He upgraded us and gave us two roll out beds for my daughters and really could not do enough for us. 
We were upgraded to a small suite on our arrival due to the renovations going on at the hotel Nice idea. 
Very friendly staff self service breakfast with an interesting choice, easy access to rooms and many rooms away from the lift Nice standard room. I was delighted to stay in your hotel. Thank you. 
We had to book this place when we found out that the other place we had booked in advance was a hell hole. It was 6pm July 1st Saturday, only a few offers left available. We didn't have a choice, so we booked this one, The location wasnt't perfect, but we found it easily. 15 20 min walk from Acton Town tube station. It'S good for travelling via Heathrow Airport, The building looks lovely outside and fresh inside everything was new. It was a pleasure to stay in shame just for a night Comfy bed, high tech lighting, huge flatscreen tea, coffee facilities, mini fridge with 2 bottles of water, blinders and curtains, good soundproof, no bad smells and no little animals, And the highlight was the bathroom with spacious Area full toilette facilities, including modern hairdryer, and a perfect shower The pub on the ground floor was lovely. We spent some time there too didn't have a breakfast though, but I believe it would be nice and not expensive. Due to the menue we looked through, You can also use Morrisons, just few steps to the right or other local pubs and mini shops to get some food and drinks. I definitely recommend this hotel to people who can afford it or if there are special deals. 
Very Clean and spacious and up to date, Great view of Eiffel Tower Would definitely stay here again. Perfect location, 
Relative new hotel, with every comfort, good location and parking facilities next door, Not far from Underground station 
Rooms were lovely Staff very friendly and helpful 
Great location, Amazing views from 19th floor Room was comfy. 
Good location, only five minutes to Oxford street and Edgware Road and the Hyde Park. 
Had the suite so great views huge bed, perfect Small hotel right in middle of bustling Rue de Buci, Friendly and efficient Loved it 
Good location, Good size, room, Good breakfast 
Great bed 
A big thank you to Alexandre, always so kind and helpful 
Everything, especially the amazing service, 
The staff was great. We were so surprised to find a rose, petal heart on the bed for our 30th anniversary, and they also brought a bottle of bubbly. We loved the location close to the river and the fact that they had an elevator. We had heavy bags and nice cold air conditioning as it was pretty hot walking around all day in the city. 
Great location near to metro stations, fantastic roof bar 
Comfy pleasant, good location, nice staff, 
Breakfast was good, location was convinient near bus stops and underground beds, comfortable 
Room was spacious, Staff was friendly and helpful. 
The receptionist checking us is was very helpful. Good knowledge of area Breakfast freshly made to order and very tasty Hotel in good location, 15min walk from St Pancras and about 5mins walk to the British museum. 
Clean location really good 
Very big room with 2 full size beds, Separate toilet and bathroom Amazing location, 
The great room 
Room size is good with little balcony. Bed is comfortable, Have good sleep Open buffet breakfast with croissants and orange juice is fantastic. 
The view which i payed extra for but other, then that not a whole lot. 
Wonderful view: 
Good location near the Perlmano and Big Ben 
The welcoming cookie was pleasant and staff were helpful. 
Room is spacious, international calls for free and personnel serviceable. 
Really, nice boutique hotel, Good location, stylish rooms, very friendly staff, 
Location location, location, Close to trains, restaurants, shopping Staff was very friendly and went above and beyond to help out with our extreme early checkout, so that we can get something to eat before leaving at 6am Just pricey for one night but again, cant beat the location, cleanliness And hospitality: 
Clean and comfortable bedroom 
Staff were very friendly and helpful, Breakfast room was charming, and food selection and prep were great. 
Location, quiet but close to sights and restaurants. 
Lovely room and amenities staff was so welcoming and the hotel offers a cozy lounge and a great outdoor cafe area. So nice 
Cappuccino at reception area was great and available 24hrs, with a choice of a fresh fruit. Every day, all complimentary Staff was really nice very friendly and always helpful. 
I don't think that hotel is 4 stars. 
Efficient staff on check in and room was nice proximity to Stratford station and sporting precinct excellent 
Lovely hotel, Great service So close to the shopping centre and Olympic park Will definitely stat again. 
We had an amazing stay at the Novotel 
Nice people work there. Holet is modern and confortable 
All is fine, 
Nice location and friendly staffs 
The showers were amazing: 
Staff was nice and helpful. 
King bed is big and comfortable. The room is a good size, because its really only to sleep Bathroom was nice and modern, with a big walk in shower Hotel staff was really nice and helpful in showing us good places to go for things like food or entertainment. Hotel is newly renovated and in a very nice peaceful and quiet area, 10 minute walk from the eiffel tower Went almost every day. It was amazing. 
It is a beautiful hotel, Both the lobby and the room are updated and gorgeous The interior walls are furnished with a thick sound, absorbing material. It makes the room very quiet. Bed is comfortable. The breakfast was one of the best Pretty convenient location. It takes about 10 minutes to walk to the nearby tube station. 
Great location, Very clean, Friendly staff, Very much as advertised 
Goood size of room and toilet 
I liked the location at the most, The staff are friendly, 
While the room was small, understandably so due to location, it was amazingly designed and organized. In fact, the hotel in general made the most of the existing space in creative and gorgeous ways. I was deeply impressed. 
Quaint Cosy, Efficient amenities, 
It'S close from a lot of thing as like shopping, transportations, etc. 
Location 
Room was clean and tidy Foyer area was very inviting 
Perfect location, 
The gym menu location staff was very helpful. 
Right across the street from the queen High tea is a must 
Fabulous place Hope to go there again. 
The Staff Comfortable room Room service, Great price and location Variety in the breakfast room, Tunde one of the coordinators, did an excellent job. 
The location is great, The underground station and bus stop is just around the corner and surrounded by restaurants and Tesco Though, it's not in the heart of London, but it's really easy to take the underground to everywhere or actually Hyde Park is just within 15 minute walking. Distance, if you don't mind exploring by walking The neighborhood is quite and great, We were upgrated to the club level. The room is big and nice. 
The staff were friendly. This is really what i appreciated. Location was safe and convenient by Metro Nearby, there's a Chinese restaurant, which appears to be a Japanese. So, overall, it was a good experience. 
Reception staff were excellent. Hotel is just opposite. The Metro, Rue Du Bac, A great bar cafe just opposite the hotel for breakfast and other meals as well. 
Nice hotel with friendly stuff and lovely rooms, We had a room with a street view and a french balcony. It was cozy, stylish and smart equipped. The location is another advantage of the hotel. It is situated literary in the center of Paris with Musee'd Orcee Jardin Tuilrie Louvre Notre Dame and Jardin Luxemburg in a walking distance. We will possibly stay in this hotel during our next visit to Paris. 
As Always great comfortable rooms and great food, including the breakfast 
The location 
Excellent location as easy, walk to Cafes, transport Louvre and Orsay 
The room was OK, 
The room was OK, 
Absolutely great concept: Citizenship, with all the perks and quirkiness Really great bed guaranteed good sleep. It was surprisingly quiet as well Loved the iPad, although has battery issues for room control, Breakfast was good and check out was the fastest ever Location was on top of Tower Hill. Tube station and within walking distance of Shoreditch 
The rooms are small but awesome best entertainment system in a hotel. I have every see really cool hotel, probably only stay there from now onwards. 
The high tech rooms, Amazing staff, really the key part of the hotel and that's saying a lot Top floor bar with the best views. 
The location was fantastic, subway out the front of your door heaps to do around the hotel. The hotel was so trendy, really really nice. Looking 
Right over tower bridge tube, so very convenient for getting around 
Good staff, nice communal area, valet parking, is a plus if travelling by car, to this hotel. 
The breakfast was nice Good selection of foods to choose from Staff were welcoming and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. 
The bathroom clean and easy to use 
Pretty big room, Nice staff Accessible 
The service was grate, 
Location was ok, 
It'S the perfect hotel for a citytrip in Paris. Our room wasn't that spacious, but nevertheless, really comfortable. We had a great balcony with which overlooked Rue Lafayette and had a view of the top of the Eiffel tower Galleries. Lafayette is only a 10 min walk away and the trainstation of Paris Nord only 15 minutes of walking The staff was really helpfull and super friendly 
Staff were excellent. 
Helpful staff and excellent location 
Fantastic boutique hotel, The service and attention to detail were fantastic. 
The location was very central, so made it easier to visit eiffel tower. 
The communication was poor when we got there. I asked to do something special for my boyfriend birthday and didn't get anything. The breakfast and spa facilities wasn't explained very well so had to go out and find somewhere to have breakfast wasn't able to use the spa facilities till the day of checking out as it was booked up. 
Location staff 
Location is the main advantage of the hotel, Clean and neat Professional staff. 
Close to train station 
Bed was good 
Very new beautiful, calm room on the top floor, Nice staff, 
Location is amazing, especially for Paris, first timers shoppers and museum lovers. It'S very central and you can walk all over Paris from this location, and I mean everywhere. The toiletries from Juliette has a gun. Is all sorts of amazing Buy it? If you can at the main store in Malsherbes sorry, if I misspelled Tea from Kusmi and nespresso were great, but it's not in your room, You have to go to the lounge Design is great Sheets are good and comfortable. It was clean and cozy 
The food was fabrlous, I enjoyed the execetive lounge facilities and the friendly staff 
Location and cleanliness, fantastic 
Location 
Location 
We would stay there again: Great staff and lovely hotel 
Helpful Staff, Great location, Comfortable king sized bed, room 
Great location, lovely neighborhood, very close to the underground Breakfast included, which is rather rare for London. 
I really appreciated the courtesy, the kindness and the efficiency of all the staff, the location and the excellent competitive price. 
Large beautiful rooms at a good central location in London, Clean and neat rooms, 
The location is great, The staff were very welcoming and the smell of the hotel was out of this world. Definitely my favorite place to stay in paris. 
Located in a nice area, tranquile and close to metro station and bus stop 
Location is near to metro 
Good location by bus and tube 
Location is excellent. Facilities are good. Anna on Reception at Check in is excellent, professional and friendly 
This could've been a good hotel. It'S a shame that management spent a lot of money of good facilities, but no money on maintenance and staff, or it's just that all workers and personnel are just sad because they are underpaid. The overall experience is just horrible, not going back. Never 
Stayed here for a third time, because I, like the staff, location, breakfast bed etc. 
Location You'll be a minute walk from a metro and surrounded by Cafes, food joints, mini markets and pharmacies, Safe area at night. 
Amazing location in Paris, Hotel staff were friendly and welcoming the hotel itself was great. Our room looked slightly tired and could do with a bit of a touch up bit. It was still very nice, Lovely free, Hermes, bathroom supplies. This was nice touch Loved the view from the window onto the street, Really luxurious late check out time. Thank you. 
Very clean, well kept property good size rooms. Buffett breakfast was simple, but sufficient. Very pleasant and helpful staff. Close walk to the Eiffel Tower. 
Location was good great staff. 
Location 
Nice gym 
Very warm welcome, friendly reception staff, glass of prosecco, chocolates, unexpected room upgrade Couldn't have been better Room, was modern, well equipped. Spotlessly clean Had everything you need, including safe iron and ironing board fast, free wifi, high quality, bathroom toiletries, lovely rain shower and a super comfortable bed. I slept well and heard no noise, despite being in the heart of the West End. The location is second to none, just minutes from all theatres shopping, Chinatown, SOHO, etc. Staff were consistently friendly and helpful recommended a very good Italian restaurant for us nearby, Va Piano Lots of little touches to make. You feel pampered and special We greatly enjoyed our stay, would highly recommend and would return 
The staff were friendly and approachable and very helpful Rooms were lovely and area was central to most things. Breakfast was great and lots of choice. 
Perfect location, excellent underground connection to Heathrow Nice quiet room first floor facing street; Very good breakfast yogurt, fresh fruit and berries, fruit, juice, coffee, tea, croissants, eggs, bacon beans, sausages, grilled, mushrooms and tomatoes, various seeds, etc. Excellent, helpful personnel cheers Eva Lee and Yustyna. It was nice to read and relax at bar with free drinks on each evening. Apparently, this offer depends on what room you have extra points for that The museums are near, as are several restaurants. 
Nothing 
We asked for a disabled access room but didn't get one. I went to the front desk reception. They put us in a disabled access room, Absolutely perfect. 
Cookie at arrival and fresh drink Bed was really confy and good. Great furniture in bathroom Apple equipment in room was very good. 
This was a quiet and convenient location with lively night life nearby 
The location 
The location was absolutely excellent. We also asked for a quiet room when booking one on booking com and got a very nice room with a balcony on the quiet side of the building Located in the very center of Paris. We got above excellent night. Sleep Also worthy mentioning is that the room was very clean, with a spacious, bathroom and very soft towels 
The design was nice and very original Cool lightings in the room, Nice staff for check in 
Location and services, including very useful, free mobile phone 
Location, the hotel itself, 
The staff were always so helpful and the location was excellent. Love the Marais 
The bed was really comfortable. 
Good location, nice breakfast also at the end of the breakf time, friendly staff, 
Location 
This is our third stay at this hotel. We like the location, central close to public transport, but in a quiet area, service, room, size and private parking. 
Everything we were in a remodeled room and it was great strong, shower, lovely garden for eating outside superb breakfast. 
Everything 
Nice breakfast Very clean hotel, Spacious rooms, 
Good localization nice staff, good breakfast 
Loved the Jazz Club, Great entertainment, Went with my grandson and he really enjoyed the location. The food, the room was very comfortable. The breakfast was wonderful. This was my second visit to this hotel and I will return again at my next opportunity. The restaurants near the hotel were as good as I remembered from my last visit. The hotel was very helpful in making sure that we got the twin beds that I was concerned about. I called Booking com practically every day before this trip and was told that I could only find out when I checked in whether I could have a twin room or not. This aggravation was unacceptable In future. I will use a travel agent 
Great location, helpful staff, Good sized room and bath Strong wifi, 
Staff were friendly, Hotel is in a great location for Baker, Street Marble Arch and the tube station. 
Rooms in very good condition and a nice size for Paris, especially good for families with small children, Convenient to have a washing machine in the room and the sofa bed was surprisingly comfortable. Also useful to have a kitchen to prepare breakfast and basic meals. Had a few microwave meals from restaurant, Monoprix, supermarket convenience store down the street Good location in a nice area, minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, It was convenient to have access to a computer and printer for guests in order to print pre, boked museum tickets, boarding passes, Etc. 
The bed was like a cloud 
Great location, minutes from Paris main attractions, 
Massive bathroom 
Exceptional cleanliness, 
Best hotel have used in London to date Will use again when working there. Superb value clean as a whistle and fantastic staff could not help enough. 
Everything was good, 
Design and decorations of the room made it look quite more spacious than its actual size, which I found quite impressive. 
The hotel is very well located and very close to the Opera and the Louvre. 
The breakfast buffet was excellent. Staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Nice comfortable room, Excellent front office very friendly and helpful. I had great time in the Dry martini bar and I believe it was because of the staff Great idea, the welcome healthy drinks in the lobby. 
Perfect location next to train station from to airport and to hop on bus, stop Good breakfast 
Excellent conditions in the suite view, comfort, executive, lounge, 
We have stayed here before so used to property. The square is vibrant, good bars and restaurants. Everything you need as a base camp to start and finish the day. 
The Nespresso machine in the room is a really great improvement. I love and recommend Flo Brasserie, the French restaurant downstairs. 
Very central location, 
Staff very friendly and helpful Quiet area to stay Easy to travel, to centre of town Very pretty terrace at hotel. 
The hotel was interesting and full of character. The staff were friendly and professional 
Breakfasts, though, as per all hotel, breakfasts expensive Breakfast room with roof that opens Location in a quiet area of town but close to centre and attractions, All staff spoke perfect. English, Clean, comfortable air conditioned room reasonable rate 
Location, new refurbishments bed, quality, room change after my issue. 
Staff very accommodating 
Excellent bed, attentive staff, clean hotel, nice setting super breakfast 
Clean rooms - 
We recommand this hotel new mode interior design, good size room with everything to make the stay comfortable and relaxing Next to a fashionable mall for those who love shopping. 
Location 
The food was expensive for the value and not well prepared. The staff were friendly and helpful. 
Lovely staff The rooms were well sized and have great facilities. Master suite has phenomenal views. 
The location was close to the beach and the facilities were good. 
The hotel is right in front of a subway station, so it made our way from the airport pretty easy. We got there and everybody was extremely nice. The room had a nice city view. Although we'd have chosen the sea view, if we'd had known better, the frigobar was free, Not even after 10 minutes in the room, we received a super welcoming gift, a bottle of champagne and some chocolate covered strawberries. We told them in advance. We were celebrating our anniversary and they were lovely. The restaurant in front of the swimming pool was also delicious and cheap. We had many amazing tapas and draft beer enjoying the sun and the pool view. It'S also right next to a mall, with good stores and restaurants. For a quick meal, 
The location of hotel is continent and close to metro and beach. Complementary drinks are provided by hotel everyday in mini bar. The bed is comfortable and wide 
I loved this hotel. The bed was the most comfortable bed, I have even slept in The staff, were incredibly kind and thoughtful. They took the time to greet me when I returned to the hotel each day The breakfast put all other hotel breakfasts to shame. It was phenomenal. The hotel room itself was so beautifully designed. I enjoyed the walk in shower the welcome drink and the impeccable cleanliness Wow. I literally want to live at this hotel If I'm in Barcelona, again, it's a no brainer as to where I'll be staying. 
Location was excellent and close to everything Fantastic place to eat across the street called Corner Very safe and easy to get to Born area, which is right across the street. 
Santiago, the night time receptionist was absolutely amazing. There was a problem with the air conditioner in our room and he immediately gave us a room upgrade and free breakfast. He was very friendly and gave helpful advise All the staff was very helpful. With the questions we asked about how to get around and about the public transport system, 
Customer service is excellent. 
The location of the property was excellent: Around the corner from the hop on hop off bus, Opposite a main train station and a short walk to the airport bus. The breakfast was really good Lots of different options to suit everyone. The view from the restaurant was amazing. You can see the whole city while eating breakfast. We also had dinner in the reataurant. It was lovely seeing the city at night, while we ate Dinner was also excellent. The room we stayed in was very clean, modern and spacious, and the staff were excellent. 
Great view on the city friendly personnel, 
Upon arrival at the hotel check in was very quick. Our rooms were clean, but were a bit small. The hotel doesn't have a pool and does charge extra for the spa, but that didn't bother us as we spent a lot of time outside of the hotel enjoying the sights in Barcelona. The location of the hotel is a bit out of town, but there are plenty of taxis around that will charge you 10 Euros for a trip into the center of the city. Overall, the hotel is good vale for money and offers an excellent service. The breakfast is nice, and the staff within the hotel are very friendly and helpful. 
The hotel is close to the beach. There is an area full of restaurants. It'S also quite close to the Zoo, a bit further than the nearest Metro station. There is a bus line in the front street that can take you directly to the Aquarium. Nice breakfast choices. Ice cava was a novelty Large room, The view. Well, if you see the sea, it's ok, the sunrise was quite orange. Restaurant made a cream soup for our kid, although it's not on their menu. 
Beds were comfy and in general, good hotel Nice having pool to relax after a days touring 
Good breakfast nice location next to the beach 
Great location, swimming pool, great staff, so many choices to eat for breakfast clean, clean room, 
Overall, we got a very good treatment. The facilities was great 
Hotel was clean, staff was very friendly and helpful arranging our return to the airport. Decor and details were attractive and very well done. The only drawback to this hotel was the location, although some would enjoy being right in the middle of things as it was an easy walk to the port. 
Good hotel, with friendly staff, The place was quite as well 
Bar sitting areas etc very comfortable and relaxing Attentive staff who kindly let us into our room early as we were suffering from jet lag. It was unexpected and very much appreciated, Enjoyed a really good and quiet breakfast in the Metro, next door, Brilliant location for Harrods 
Concept, The Many activities 
Great facilities, good pool, comfy room, very clean nice staff, 
Very friendly and helpful staff Clean 
Lovely hotel, quirky and interesting great location, really nice, breakfast and bonus of a fab food hall, just next door, hotel bed, rooms, quiet bed, very big and very comfy. 
Great Eateries nearby foodhall 
Workers are friendly, Try to help Near old city 
Beautiful hotel, Very helpful staff, GREAT location right off La Rambla, but still quiet Rooms, are great well equipped. Nice bathrooms comfy bed, 
The entrance to the hotel was very nice and the reception staff were helpful. The shower was nice, a big That's about it. 
Breakfast was execellent, Service was great 
Brilliant design, great rooftop pool fab area and lovely staff, 
It is an amazing gay hotel, 
Everything 
Comfortable bed clean room, nice bathroom enjoyed the pool 
Fantastic location right by the cathedral and in the heart of the Gothic quarter Friendly and helpful staff, Nice clean room, 
Very rich breakfast, the hotel was spotless, a real pleasure, great location and a highly intuitive staff always available to answer. Questions and supply information in a quiet manner totally went the extra mile thanks guys for the birthday wishes in the room. 
The pool 
Breakfast was excellent, Great location, Very friendly staff; 
The rooms were comfortable and clean house keeping staff in every morning. The breakfasts in the buffet style restaurant were lovely, The staff were very friendly and the reception staff were so very helpful when our luggage was delayed. Taxis were promptly booked through reception when there wasn't a strike on 
Breakfast was quite nice: The rooms were spacious and clean 
Absolutely breathtaking Everything in the hotel is beautiful and unique. The rooms are very comfortable, and the attention to detail is great. The location is great, with the metro and bus stations nearby 
Where to start, we had the most wonderful weekend staying at Room, Mate Anna First of all, the hotel is lovely, the rooms are spacious and they have thought of every possible detail to make your stay really comfortable. Our room could be completely blacked out, so we had the most restful undisturbed sleep. The staff are probably the best I have ever experienced. They went absolutely above and beyond to make our stay wonderful from beginning to end. The addition of a WhatsApp number to message. Reception is a great for when you're out and about Will 100 be booking here time and again, 
Location 
Fantastic stay in a very well designed hotel, I loved the small but very practical layout of the room and that it looks over a lovely park and quiet street. Yet so near public transport. My favorite hotel in London and I have been to lots of others in the better category and more central locations before 
I had a big room with balcony, and that was just fantastic Service. People were all very happy and polite. It was just fun to come back hotel after long walks Beds were excellent. Location was quite interesting little bit away from City center, but still very nice. Neighbourhood. Foodhall was very close and warmly recommend to visit there. Tram stops are close that is fastest connection to center. Less than 10 minutes to DAM Taxi was about 40 from airport and it is quite fast. I will warmly recommend this Chasse hotel to adult travellers. 
Breakfast was good: ac in the room was great 
The hotel is in a great location and very comfortable. Our room was of a good size with a Juliet balcony and lovely view. The staff were friendly, spoke excellent English and made some great recommendations for lunch and dinner. 
Nice city hotel not far from Duomo but still away from the usual crowd Friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms. 
Staff were excellent and very considerate. 
The breakfast was very extensive: Staff were super, helpful Rooms were clean, bathroom was nice beds, were comfy good air conditioning Close to goodshopping centre, Wi Fi excellent 
Everything was amazing, All the staff were so kind, and after mentioning that me and my partner were celebrating our 1 year anniversary, the hotel was nice enough to give us an upgrade on our room and decorated it with balloons and offered macaroons. The bed was huge and was so comfortable. The bathroom was amazing, with a great shower, The room was simple and modern. The location was probably the best part, because it was right in the centre. There was a 20 min walk max to anywhere in amsterdam. Pretty much and the restaurants around the hotel were great, although i would say the cafes by the canals, are also worth a try Overall, an amazing experience. Thank you. So much NH 
Great location, Great modern, very clean hotel Touch of luxury and affordable prices Wouldn't stay anywhere else when in Amsterdam, 
We had a family room with a king bed and two full size single beds. It was fabulous, It was very spacious, with a couch and sitting area as well. The bathroom was enormous. The room was very clean and comfortable. 
I loved the location. The food at the hotel were excellent, Very friendly and professional staff. 
Nice room with comfy bed and beautiful bathroom Well placed hotel 
My wife and I recently paid another visit to Amsterdam staying at the Swissotel on the Damrak right next to Dam Square. The hotel has recently had some renovations, especially the restaurant, which to me is modern, Dutch and very nice. We stayed in a select room, which was also recently renovated and had a terrific bathroom with a rain shower, which I loved and, like the rest of the room, was kept spotless. The one downside was, I found the room on the small side with hardly enough room for my wife and I to pass each other between the bed and the desk. But we soon got into a routine Speaking about the bed, which was very huge and comfortable. But boy was it high? I recon about 3 5 feet 105cm. There was even a menu for your pillows. Also. There was no need to close the curtains, just press a button and it was done. We were there for an anniversary break and the hotel gave us a curtesy bottle of bubbly, which was very much appreciated. I had to check in online for our return flights, but for some reason I couldn't complete this, but the concierge called Albert managed to do this. For us saving time at the airport, another great service from the very helpful staff at this hotel, The hotel is in the perfect location for exploring the city. There are bars, restaurants, shops, red light area, all within walking distance and believe me, it's the way to see the city, not forgetting the canal boat trips. I would recommend this hotel and will stay there again. 
Reception staff were excellent. 
Very comfortable bed 
Staff were extremely friendly and welcoming The hotel was a 5 minute walk from the train station nearby. It was extremely clean and modern. The shower system in the room was out of this world. It had electronic controls to set temperature and could have water come down from the roof rather than the shower head. Bed was really comfy and everything about it was just nice. 
New and modern design hotel with attractive styling, Spacious, room, Great amenities, Nespresso coffee maker, in your room, USB charging points Large beds, 
The room was spacious and very nicely done. I liked everything in there and wish I could enjoy it more In comparison to other rooms you can find in Amsterdam. This is absolutely great. 
Perfect location, when going to concert at the arena, 
Everything is technologically made. Their app is very handy to use the elevator and to open the room. The hotel is absolut excellent Thanks. 
Superb service in Jaz, Amsterdam, Friendly staff, 
De ligging is perfect De bedden zijn super 
Everything Room was amazing, great location for us, 
The room was excellent. Location was great for going to concert in the Arena. 
The hotel is nice and modern, The room is wonderful, The location is quiet and close to the park. We couldn't find some nice restaurants nearby, but there is LIDL close to it. The beds are comfortable and the bathroom is very modern. There is also nice coffee machine at the room with free coffee every day. 
Enjoyed the hotel facilities, The food was excellent, The hotel was well maintained and very clean. The location was excellent. You could even walk into town, however, transport was close by to the town. 
Furnitures and high tech support 
Nice spacious room 
Large room comfortable bed, nice toiletries, 
Room and Staff were extremely accommodating. 
Location is great, Very clean, Big enough rooms, Helpful and cooperative staff. 
Location friendly and helpful staff 
The shuttle service to city center was great excellent place to stay in if traveling by car 
The hotel is immaculate, The staff were friendly and happy to help. The location is good outside the centre, but easy to reach by metro. The rooms are very clean and had everything you would need in them Even has a small pool which is great to relax by 
Excellent location, as it is near great restaurants and close to a subway station 
Location is perfect if you are aiming to visit the park, museums and, at the same time close enough to the center of city. This is a perfect hotel. Rooms are in the first floor since the upper floors are penthouses windows. Looking for the interior garden Rooms are clean, quite and peaceful to rest, but just ten minutes walk you are in the center of the city. We love that part. So much Beds are so comfortable, so you can rest the whole day of walking by sleeping at nights. Bathroom and shower is also clean. New and perfect. Breakfast is good enough for such a hotel. 
Great location, lovely staff, Lovely restaurants, nearby 
The location is good, close to the center walking distance and a few good restaurants very close by Easy to get from the airport, etc. It just the way it's set out. It'S a bit unusual. 
Staff were most helpful in all regards 
Location, Food availability, 
Staff really friendly and helpful, Really good location out of the way of main tourist area and surrounded by some lovely restaurants and bars. 
Hotel very clean rooms were spacious, comfy bed, 
Very nice breakfast selection, 
The staff was really helpful and friendly clean room, promt service, amazing food, 
Amazing location and excellent breakfast Super friendly staff. 
Location from the train station 
Staff spot on location nicely out of town and good prices, Big spacious, clean room with immaculate bedding 
Great spacious room, Very friendly, multilingual staff, 
1 Breakfast is so perfect, especially the French toast 2. The cat is cute. 
Incredible friendly and helpful staff Comfortable beds and close to everything, 
An outstanding property in all ways well connected to the city center close to the train, station and tram line. The room was of a good size and the beds were incredibly comfortable after a day walking around the city, A very warm staff, rounded out the experience. 
Beautiful hotel Room with private terrace and top terrace with city view, Lovely breakfast and nice friendly staff. 
The staff were wonderful, There was a huge choice for breakfast and everything was lovely, especially the freshly baked mini pastries. 
Excellent location, few min walk to the bus stops and subway Quiet and clean room Generally good service and responsiveness from the staff. 
The staff is extremely nice, swimming pool is available, Shuttle is in walking distance from the hotel. The rooms are very cosy and clean. 
Access to Barcelona attractions 
Everything about this hotel was Lovely had an amazing time. 
Amazing location, clean tidy, suites nice large bathrooms, comfy beds, Great breakfast, Our son loved the roof top pool Would definately return to this hotel. 
Very clean, Very good room service food 
Comfy pillows, Excellent and friendly greeting from Julie, who showed us around when we first arrived. First impressions are so important good range for breakfast. We were on level 6 and the balcony allowed us to view and hear the street and surrounding area from a different perspective. 
Nice breakfast and nice personell really profesionists 
The room was appointed nicely, but nothing special. However, the shower was fantastic. 
Excellent comfy bed, good duvet and pillow ironing board came in very handy 
Location of the hotel is great, it is only 5 mins walking to two stations, The hotel is modern and our room was really big. Bed was huge and very comfortable, and all facilities in the bathroom were environmentally friendly. One of the best bedrooms I have ever been on my eurotrips 
The staff were lovely and always happy to help 
Location, Cleanliness, Staff, 
Nice view and good bed 
Breakfast was good, 
The Location is very nice, but far from city center by walk. Metro is a very good way to explore the city. If you don't get a room with river view, its better to get q hotel in the city center Breakfast was good, but with limited meat options. Very comfy bed 
Loved the location as it gives easy access to the subway loved the breakfast on the first day and the how the staff would ask you if you would like a latte 
Staff were super friendly, Beautiful garden, Hotel, a short walk from very efficient public transport and one of the most beautiful parks in Vienna. 
We asked for early arrival and got it. Staff were excellent. We had a marvellous time in amsterdam, we used the leisure facility and the sky bar excellent room and excellent hotel. We will come again 
Rooms are lively, very comfortable, large bed. 
We had a great view of the canal. The staff were fantastic, along with the accommodations that were given to us. 
Beautiful decor 
Excellent French chef, The food was outstanding. 
Lounge area free bar was very pleasant to comeback to, after each full day of tripping around Extremely well located and comfortable 
The all inclusive system provides drinks and snacks throughout the day at no extra cost. 
The hotel has an absolutely gorgeous garden, the largest in Central Amsterdam. Apparently It's a real gem in the very heart of the City I booked a King, Grand Premier room and it was spacious and comfortable Staff - were all very welcoming and approachable. All the services that I used at the hotel drinks at the bar laundry in room bar all were very reasonably priced. I had an amazing Bloody Mary at the bar for only 9 euros. 
The hotel is in the middle of the main street, close to restaurants and supermarket Excellent breakfast comfortable beds, Large towels, Convenient location close to public transport. 
Location 
Location perfect to attend events at the Amsterdam Arena. 
Location for what we needed go to a concert at Amsterdam. Arena was perfect. It is 10 mins, walking distance to there. You could also take a subway from there to get into town. The rooms are nice, some amenities are available coffee for the morning, hair dryer and ironing board. 
Comfortable rooms and bathrooms 
Location for Amsterdam Arena was excellent. 
Cozy Clean Insanely good view, 
Normal hotel, nothing especial 
Great Location, Very friendly staff, who were very polite and helpful, Clean and new room and bathroom Liked it overall 
Location and also had bikes to rent The hotel is very clean and has elevator, but there are still many stairs which could be difficult to old people and kids. 
Modern bathroom and large terrace 
A lovely new hotel in a slightly out of the way part of Amsterdam. We were pleasantly greeted at the door and made to feel welcome and comfortable Happy to recommend this hotel. 
Staff we helpfull and pleasant Rooms were comfortable and clean and the air conditioning worked well. There is a sauna and steam room, but we didnt use these. If you enjoy cycling, there is a lovely 30km track in a rural part of amsterdam close to the hotel. You can hire the bicycles, The hotel is located in a quiet and less built up part of the city which we found nice as it wasnt noisy at night. It is a 10 minute walk to the Overamstel metro station, which makes it very easy to access any part of the city. It is also 2 stops from the Zuid station, where you can get the train to Schipol airport 
Close to the train station Close to shops for groceries, It was lively and quiet. 
The free beverages in the fridge were a very nice touch. Everything was great 
Excellent late check out rate 
The location was excellent for our visit to family resident in Amsterdam. The price was excellent for Amsterdam. There were covered bike parking facilities, It was reasonably quiet considering it was in Amsterdam. The linen and bathroom were clean. 
Excellent breakfast and very comfortable room A bit of a walk to reach some attractions. 
Excellent location, Good breakfast Design of the rooms 
Rooms are spacious, staff are friendly and helpful. Location is great. 
Location 
Super comfy hotel in the real heart of Vienna, whether you're looking for history, culture, entertainment or shopping. Everything is just footsteps away. Our Comfort Room was very large and quiet with a nice view to Neuer Markt Breakfast had a selection of various choices and was a perfect start for each day. Overall good service and a very pleasant stay in Austria Trend Hotel Europa 
Clean comfortable rooms, AC works, ok after I called for help. 
A nice hotel close to the Arena and public transport to the city, 
Breakfast was very good: 
Fair price 
It was a pretty standard hotel for a family. It met my expectations. 
Fantastic beds, location, good 
Good location, large and comfortable bed Rooms were clean. 
Staff were friendly, Breakfast was good, 
Great location by transport links friendly staff, 
Breakfast 
Super friendly staff, they definitely met my expectations and made us feel very welcome. 
Breakfast is ok, 
This is a small boutique hotel with about 31 rooms. The location cannot be better. La Rambla is the area to stay in, and this hotel is ideally situated very clean, quiet and comfortable. That said, what really sets it apart is the quality of the staff. The front desk personnel are very personable and were incredibly helpful in recommending tours recommending restaurants and making reservations for us. This was our first trip to Barcelona and we were neophytes Those on the staff who stood out for going above and beyond. The call were Richard superb recommendations and assistance. Edgar Anna and Michael Miguel, the bartender on the rooftop bar, not to be missed, was equally friendly and helpful. This is where we will stay on our next trip. 
Location Friendly staff, 
Very close to Oxford street and hyde park. 
Location is excellent. 
Location was within walking distance to the Duomo, Piazza and metro station. The staff were accommodating in our request for a change of rooms and we're always welcoming 
Clean good location, helpful staff, Good breakfast 
Friendly staff, clean rooms, location 
Nice staffs and clean Good breakfast 
The rooms were a little small 
The location was very good: 
Breakfast 
The staff was super nice and accommodating 
Room was better than described and canal view with large windows was, as promised. 
Modern stylish room with much space 
This hotel is totally unique. Every normal aspect of a hotel has been rethought out of the box and made to be different, Amazing, interior design and attention to detail to be slightly unusual. 
Good facilities unusual hotel, Great terrace bar 
Loved the whole atmosphere of hotel, So convenient clean, wonderful staff. Great breakfast excellent wifi Bed was very comfortable shower temperature and pressure outstanding. Also, there was an almost 24 hour coffee room which had cappuccino machine teas and some snacks. It was all free too. I would highly recommend this quaint and lovely hotel for a stay in Vienna. 
Reallly good breakfast bar and the pool was a great size. 
Very clean Nice, big bathroom, Brilliant maid service, 
We loved the upstairs Terrace Grab a burger and a beer, but it is a sheer drop and wouldn't advise unattended. Children. Playing about Swimming pool is very small, but still good to have on those hot days. 
The staff always try to accommodate the requests of my room, and I really appreciate it For things like this. I like to stay at this property 
Hotel location, Great staff, 
The breakfast was super, The room was very comfortable. 
Really nice hotel Very polite and attentive staff breakfast buffet with decent selection of high quality food. Breakfast buffet kept replenished till very closing time at 10am, great for guests who like to sleep, long Good location, not far from the city center and near a shopping mall 
The staff and room were fantastic: The hotel is right around the corner from the public transport trendy, bars Nacshmarkt and only a half hour walk to the city centre. 
The hotels is very bad, no verg air ice. No cooler is 
Excellent Staff, great location, comfortable bed, 
Location was great Rooms were modern and clean. All facilities, including bathrooms, were functional and convenient Breakfast room had a very nice ambience good value for quality and generous space. 
Fantastic room Friendly staf 
The size of the room, 
The hotel was comfy and very clean and staff were helpful and friendly. 
Great place Just a quick taxi ride to the main city, Awesome hotel, with helpful staff Very clean and free wifi. A C Only bad part was the restaurant in the hotel, very poor service and pretty gross food. 
Connection with public transportation to city center 
Staff was bery friendly and the standard quadruple room was spacious. 
Nice bathroom 
Location Walking distance to the train bus station, A tram stop just in from of the station 
As it is located in the post area, the views back across Barcelona were fantastic. 
The room has good space 
Staff were very friendly. 
Breakfast 
Loved the staff who couldn't do more or be more friendly and professional 
Hospitality and personnel 
The location is really close to the city center and public transportation. Car rental is also close, staff is very kind, rooms are very clean, Breakfast is descent. 
Close to city attractions, 
Best Location, 
Good size bed room not too hot 
The hotel was in a great location, stay on the top floor with balcony, which is good and relaxing Pool is small, but is prefect for a city break Hotel is quite Would book again. 
Location was amazing, 
Location got into our room early 
The hotel is very well positioned for a city trip to Amsterdam, very close to city centre and very convenient access to the Central Station. The breakfast is amazing, huge variety and everything very fresh, Very easy to park underground. 
Fantastic hotel in an excellent location, 
Location is great, and the surrounding area is nice. 
The room was nice, updated, easy to get to 
Rooms were nice and bed, comfortable Staff were friendly and helpful. 
The minibar is free of charge. The bed is very comfortable. 
Good access to the city centre, 
Very helpfull and kind staff, Close public transport to City Center and the Airport 
The hotel was really clean and the bed was really comfortable. Staff was amazing and helpful, so we will definitely come back, Make sure to check out Yelp for great options for breakfast and dinner. 
Swimmingpool 
Close to the Central Station 20 min walking and the city centre, but at a quiet place, The rooms are nice and very clean. The bed truly comfortable Expensive. As all hotels of this kind in Amsterdam, The staff were very kind. One thing I really loved was that at the reception you may order some food and hot drinks even late at night, we arrived to the hotel at 00 30 and were able to order a pizza and hot milk 
Very friendly staff and provided lots of help on setting up tours visits and reservations, Also, staff explained best method of transportation. For each visit, Breakfast buffet was excellent, with many choice to get the morning going. Special thanks to front desk Ruben, whom made our trip very comfortable and attended to all our family needs from arriving till departure. 
The location is good and the Egyptian staff Rezkallah was friendly and helpful, and other staff were good. 
Excellent location Staff were very helpful. Restaurant view is to die for 
Perfect location, I, like everything, 
Really good service of breakfast and ubication so close to the beach 
The views from floor 13 Pool area 
Beautiully restored mansion in modern style, with perfect location and every comfort, Good, restaurant and friendly skilled personell 
The beds, pillows and linen all excellent, The bathroom was extremely well equipped and very clean. All The staff were very professional, friendly and attentive to detail. I ordered Eggs Benedict for breakfast. It was delicious. My great niece who was travelling with us really enjoyed the pastries. We enjoyed the rooftop bar and the more sedate atmosphere of the bar on the ground floor, All in all a delightful experience and one we would like to do again. 
Amazing, building and facilities 
Location and rooftop terrace 
Terrific location, 
Eating breakfast in the outside courtyard was a great start to the day and an evening drinkl in the rooftop lounge was fantastic. 
Great Location, 
Room was very spacious, the bedrooms was comfortable, staff was friendly, the shower was great and location. Awesome. 
The location is absolutely perfect and the hotel is fantastic, The deck area is amazing and the views from the roof are just breathtaking. 
Location Rooms were super clean, Concierge mustafa was super helpful. 
The hotel is modern and well maintained, Situated right beside Milan Central Station and the metro Airport shuttle buses stop directly beside the station. Very helpful staff Would definitely stay again if, in Milan, 
I travel to Milan. Every week I have tried many hotels. This hotel was OK, The tourist were tourists, given the location, it is quite touristy. The breakfast was worth a look. However, I recommend you avoid the orange juice, Not sure what the machine thinks it is doing, but it really isn't orange juice, not even close, Go Water or Coffee Dinner. Well, If i was on holiday and had my family, we could eat It, wasn't so bad, Nothing! There, for me, after a long day in the office 
Location was great right next to central train station and close to shopping area Staff were friendly and helpful too 
Everything was perfect, 
Location, The buffet was great for both breakfast and dinner: Great staff, 
Location to train station 
Everything was perfect, 
Close to the Duomo, some trams, buses and trains so for location and your transportation needs it's a very well situated hotel. 
Breakfast was great lot of options. Location is perfect for duomo and brera short walking distance. 
I went with my 3 children. We were all so impressed with the spacious comfortable room. The breakfeast was delicious. I went for a swim every morning in the lovely pool and worked out in the gym. The hotel was very central. You couldnt get a better location, so we went shopping on the hotels. Doorstep walked to the Duomo Museum of History and Planatarium. The metro was outside the hotels front door, facilitating easy transport to Milans many treasures. Great resturants, such as Sabatini, where my kids had the best pizza ever and I had the tastiest homemade pasta all within 10 minutes of the hotel. 
Excellent location and very good breakfast 
Excellent location near the metro and near the shopping street 
Thank you for upgrade to bigger room. 
Location, cleanless 
The location was just perfect: 
Excellent service help was given with problems, Staff were very friendly, Would go back to the hotel 
Super in every way, 
The hotel is amazing, if you want to go for the wow factor than this is the hotel to stay in 
Fantastic hotel atmosphere, drinks staff, 
Excellent welcome clean and bright room super comfy bed Staff experienced and very helpful Close to all public transport and walking distance to Les Ramblas and restaurants Loved the rooftop bar very cool 
Room clean and comfortable Concierge staff very good. They reserved a 3 hour drive around city with my handicapped guest Driver. Wonderful, This location near to museum can't be beat Two great days worth trip from London on Eurostar 
Superb location and great views over Barcelona Taxi to centre takes 5 minutes. 
We stayed at the Olivia Plaza Hotel and it was perfect. The staff was very nice and always available If you want to be at the center of Barcelona. This is the perfect Hotel. The subway bus and taxi are 20 meters away, The decoration is beautiful and they treat us very well. 
We were there for our anniversary and the staff could not have made it more special from an upgrade to a suite and complimentary bottles of cava, The most comfortable bed and a stunning view over the city. Although as soon as you closed the door to the terrace. That hustle and bustle noise disappeared behind a sound proof, doors 
Fabulous hotel with fabulous staff. The location was perfect, as were the facilities We had. Such a lovely stay. 
Nothing 
Everything about the hotel was great form the rooms to the lobby, to the fitness centre and, most importantly, the staff 
Very friendly, helpful staff, the rooms are very well equipped and the mini bar is full with complimentary soft drinks and beer. 
Beautiful building Great bathroom and lovely pool 
Location Swimming pool, smoking, lounge, decor, 
Annabell the assist manager was absolutely brilliant. There was a wee problem with our room and she flew into action, Could not have been nicer or more professional. 
Breakfast was excellent: 
Very nice and helpful staff, great breakfast and good location, 
Great location Right next to the train station 
Comfy bed 
Great location, friendly staff, clean room, 
The rooms are well decorated and the hotel is a wonderful maze of art and glass covered walkways waiting to be explored. The kind of place where you want to make sure to actually plan some vacation time to be in the hotel and slow down to enjoy its wonderful gardens, amazing, bar and or just have a coffee in one of the many quiet, corners and watch the world walk. Be 
This unusual luxury hotel was a pleasant surprise with an interesting history. The initial room booked was not large enough for all our luggage and it did not have a Canal view for which we had asked On paying an extra Euro 50 per day. My husband and I then had everything we could want. The various courtyards where one could sit drink eat were very nice. Indeed. 
Location and staff 
Location was convenient, 
Breakfast was amazing and is one of best two breakfasts I had in hotels abroad. During this summer trip Hotel is walking distance from the museum area and shopping streets. Neighborhood is quite and safe for families, Staff are friendly and cooperative 
Friendly staff location, room layout facilities, voucher for not having room cleaned 
This is a place you would remember, as it is so different from everything else. You tried, It is very upbeat. The room is fun with the transparent cylinders for shower and toilet plus the iPad smart room control. Yes, the room is small, but it is cleverly designed, so you will not bump into things all the time Breakfast is good. Public transport is really great. 
Huge bed, great wifi connection, a lot of space in common areas at ground level. Excellent for one night is: you are travelling alone and you need a confortable room to sleep Bar open 24, 7. 
Da forma descomplicada do Hotel Do recurso a un tablet. Para controlar os diferentes recursos, do quarto 
The excellent staff and beautiful architecture 
Loved the pool and terrace Quiet hotel with all the comforts Friendly staff 
Very comfy bed and we loved the view out of our bedroom window. We couldn't get going in the morning for watching boats go past. 
Coffee near canal, 
Nice staff and clean hotel 
Clean bedroom 
No complaint Attention to detail was great Staff very friendly and helpful Xx. 
The bad was very comfortable 
Very nice breakfast Perfect hotel to visit the beach and the marina, as well as the poble nou, with a lot of nice, litte restaurants and bars. 
Well, located to explore Barcelonia Friendly and helpfull staff, Good facilities, 
Excellent hotel in all aspects, location facilities, transport connections to the airport and the city centre breakfast, but most of all people. The reception staff was absolutely great, multilingual, competent willing to help friendly, welcoming and always ready with a suggestion or a solution of a problem. I would like to mention specifically Maria who offered me a ticket for the concerts of the Vienna Mozart Orchestra at Musikverein, A BIG thank you, Maria. The concert was absolutely fabulous and Mirela the Romanian receptionist, who welcomed me and offered a simple solution to a simple issue. Please excuse me dear if I misspelled your name. Thank you, girls. You were absolutely fabulous and made me feel special. Needless to say, the rest of the front office staff was also very friendly and helpful, but I failed to remember all the names 
Breakfast LA ATENCION DEL PERSONAL 
Cleanliness and Professionalism - 
Great location, very Nice rooms, 
The food was quiet good, we ate at the hotel most of the time. 
Many breakfast choices with table service for coffee Caught a sunny day and was sitting outside with a view on the park, nothing too spectacular, but much better than sitting indoors Friendly staff and central location. Only some 2 minutes from a U Bahn, U2 line, subway stop which made arrival via Wien Hauptbahnhof Vienna Central Station easy From the hotel. It is also only minutes to walk into the 1 Bezirk First District downtown to enjoy coffee and Sachertorte at Hotel. Cafe, Sacher, Cafe, Demel or other Kaffeehaeuser coffee shops and to visit museums or just stroll through the streets Around the corner. Is the Charly P's Irish Pub, which has fantastic food with several awards. The fish chips are stunning. 
Good location and friendly staff, Roof top bar and pool were a bonus. 
The Friendly Welcoming Helpful Staff made my first traveling abroad ALONE, a well supportive experience, Gracias, 
It looked good, but I didn't get chance to use it. 
The location is just awesome, Literally 100m to Sagrada Familia. Also nearby is a metro station Sagrada Familia L2 purple line that takes you wherevere you need, Ah, and most of all the terrace with it's beautiful view worth every penny Room service is relatively cheep. 
The staff was great and so helpful 
The best enormous extra comfortable bed we have slept on with massive pillows. It was really close to the metro station and easy to go to the city center Very cozy, bedroom with modern furniture. The toilet was extra, clean, 
Great stay great facilities; 
Although not in the central part of the city, it is really close and easy to walk to most anything Wish. The hotel worked with customers a bit more about transportation, telling about the bus system and such Overall. The hotel was very good, affordable and clean and comfortable For a very high price. You can get a wonderful breakfast 
Awesome place Very comfortable spacious rooms with very elegant and luxurious design. Style Pool area is great too, and it is not busy at all. Metro is very close. 5 minutes walk. Wi Fi is great throughout whole hotel, even in the restaurant that is close to the hotel. 
Bed was comfortable 
Very convenient for Barcelona, football club 
It was very clean. The staff were very nice and helpful If in Barcelona we will definitely stay there again. 
We would be very happy to eturn to the Barcelona Capri by Fraser 
Nothing 
Great hotel Service, excellent Bar restaraunt bar pool area great, My only concern - was our room was a little bit small, otherwise a great place to stay. 
Great location, very comfortable bed nicely decorated. 
Friendly staff, great location next to metro, roof, terrace 
Location 
The pool was lovely and the same depth all along 
Great modern rooms very clean and modern 
Excellent location with spectacular view over the city, provided your room is on the backside of the building. Local bus to the city stops right in front of the hotel Ample free outdoor parking on the hotel site, Friendly staff, Clean, updated bathroom with good, shower Good beds. Good wifi Price performance, good 
We were upgraded to guest of the day. The lady on the reception was very nice. 
The parking was convenient, 
Staff was really friendly, room was clean. Location was great, very quite 5, min away from Schonbrunn palace and 10 min from city centre with metro 
Nice cozy and modern rooms Gorgeous breakfast worth the money. 20E Easy parking Close to Schoenbrunn 
Very good value for money, first class service from staff; 
Internet connection, normal breakfast good location, excellent, 
The hotel is in a good location, like many others around it. Multilingual and friendly staff is well appreciated. Wifi connectivity was quite fast and almost without interruption. 
If you want to get a special guest experience in the very heart of Vienne Hotel de France will be an excellent choice. I'Ve spent several wonderful days while celebrating my birthday here. The hotel made me a very pleasant present room upgrade to two level deluxe room with a balcony facing Vienne center and beautiful cathedrals. Honestly speaking, the cake I was presented was stunning covered with real chocolate and very unusual. Every morning you could start with a very delicious breakfast in a cosy restaurant having windows facing ancient streets. I did enjoy every single second that I've spent in this wonderful place. I'D really like to express my sincere gratitute to Roxana from reception team who helped to make my stay really unforgettable and did her best to make me happy and provide me with a unique guest experience in this great hotel. I would highly recommend this place for those who want something special on their memorable dates and want to see 5 service in action. Also, the location of the hotel is 100 convenient, 1 minute from a central metro station and 10 minutes from St Stephen's Cathedral. 
The location made it easy to explore the city on foot. We were given a room upgrade because the hotel was fully booked. Most of the staff were very friendly. They gave me a delicious cake on my birthday. The breakfast was very good with a wide selection of foods to choose from 
Excellent staff, excellent location and a comfortable quiet room 
Late night check in with candlelight very friendly and helpful staff, lovely rooms, great breakfast on the rooftop short walk to center, The perfect place to stay in Vienna. 
The location is close to the square, The staff are helpful and freindly treatment. 
Bed was very comfortable and the room was clean, Bathroom was clean, too, Location was great and staff was helpful, Loved the hot breakfast Overall great value for money and would recommend this place very highly 
The style, great hotel bar and the interior of the rooms 
Staff are amazing and very helpful. Breakfast is superb. Location is excellent as it is over rhe danube canal and at the same time, near the old city, Excellent restaurants, nearby 
Great room: very nice, quiet atmosphere in the hotel, Great location, Nice corner with tea, coffee and some treats 
Our second stay, The staff were very helpful and our room very pleasant. 
Location and friendly staff 
It is very nice and the location is excellent for connecting to various stations for day trips. I don't think we ever had to take a taxi because we were so close to the Tube and that station was an easy connection to Paddington and Victoria 
Breakfast 
My reservstion was without bteakfadt, so i have no idea. 
Hotel is clean, staff is helpful and politeful Neighborhood is peaceful. We can't wait to come back again. 
Very comfortable room, clean quiet, very friendly and polite staff close to the city center and next to a metro and train station. I highly recommend this property 
The breakfast was amazing: 
Great customer service room was fantastic and had a great view of the canal. 
Nice, Restaurant with good breakfast spread Nice Location, 
Size of room and comfort of beds Shower was excellent. 
Breakfast was great Not far from airport, Also not far from city center. 
Everything was superb, 
Floor 17, restaurant and skybar 
Location, Quietness, Comfy bed, 
Shuttle service was excellent to and from airport 
Highlight die: Rooftopbar 
The location close to everywhere, I always walk from the hotel to everywhere, and the map was easy to read. 
Location for ease of access to the city and concerts was great. 
Rooms were fine, but was expecting a little more for the price Staff was friendly. Position was close to city center and lot of transportation. Options were available, Room had a big fridge and possibility to heat up food or even prepare it if that's needed. 
The room had all the facilities available to make it feel like a home away from home, large fridge, lots of cupboards, etc. It was well designed to ensure maximum use of space Extremely clean. It looked like the room hadn't been used before In a great location. If you want to be in the main city and see all the sights 
Lovely hotel with attentive service and an outstanding location, 
Great location and really friendly staff, Delicious breakfast and quite friendly neighbourhood 
The room was nice and was very modern. 
Location is the biggest advantage. 
Friendly staff comfy beds and the air con was really appreciated after a long day out. 
Conveniently located 
Service and reception 
Close to the train station called locally Milano Centrale 
The staffs are very accommodating. The location is near the city center comfy bed, 
Great location and nice clean hotel, 
Nice room and good breakfast Very nice staff, Good location to go to the center 
The people at the reception, where very friendly and ready to help the breakfast was nice. The bed very comfortable, the room really clean. Overall, everything was fantastic: 
The room size was good, 
Comfortable and clean rooms, easy check in and out great breakfast spread courteous and friendly staff Additional bed at no cost for 1 child per room, Great recommendation to a close by Italian restaurant that ended up being highlight of our entire trip. 
The room was executive, good room and the breakfast was excellent. All was well and the hotel staff were very helpful understanding and cooperative 
Very friendly stuff, 
Modern design, reasonable price, a lot of parking lots around The bed was comfortable. Breakfast was ok for Italy. 
Staff is very helpful. Hotel shuttle to metro station and train station is helpful, but try to schedule early as gets full quickly. 
The staff was very kind, rooms are very big and comfartable Privat parking available. 
I am struggling to find things to like The breakfast was ok, The staff doing breakfast and dinner were good. 
Proximity, CLEANLINESS, VIBE PRIVACY, 
Location was amazing, all the sights on our doorstep: beautiful hotel, helpful, friendly staff, lovely roof, terrace pool open until late in the evening. Small compact gym that had everything you needed to work out and free mini bar, not something you see in hotels of this standard. So a nice touch 
Very clean, very quiet, The staff was friendly and very informative Lots of alternatives on the breakfast buffet. We liked that they wrote that they cared for the environment and therefore didn't change towels and bedding, unless you told them Very, very good. We really appreciated that. 
Really helpful and friendly staff and a lot of extra inclusions in the room for the price already paid a great night's stay after long travel. 
Short distance to metro makes it accessible to all locations of the city. Cleanliness was good. Ac ventilation works really well Good Parking available and easy access from parking to lifts. 
Nice personal at the desk parking 
The rooms were spacious and the decor was great. The location of the hotel was very good, not too close to the crowded areas and not too far, to walk to the main attractions of Milan 
Authentic hotel, located in a heart of Milano city, Good hospitality, tasty, treats Located close by the most fancy shopping areas, walking areas nice, restaurants and coffee shops Quite suitable for a travellers with small children. 
The designs at the hotel lay out the breakfast sausages. 
Good views from the 8th floor, Nice toiletries Great size for the bathroom 
Excellent value for money, The location looks wise, can feel a little dingy, but it's not too bad, and there are several excellent chinese restaurants around. If you fancy a change in cuisine, It's still walkable to the city centre, but after a long day sightseeing and shopping in Milan. Even I a keen walker rather than public transport driving, didn't fancy the walk back. Howevere public transport was excellent. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was perfectly airconditioned large and had a very comfy bed. 
Quite decent for Italian standards very mediocre regarding European standards. 
Location is good, the design is nice and the staff very friendly and helpful 
Very clean Orange juice maker by breakfast Tram and metro nearby 
The family room is very large and well equiped, with 4 true beds, no sofa Very nice 
Bed is comfortable air conditioning great toiletries in abundance, Slippers were provided as well, even robes were accessible for use, Nice location staff were friendly and bellboys were great. 
Great location and staff We enjoyed staying at ADI, very close to Subway station and grocery stores. 
The staff were nice and helpful. 
The design of this little boutique hotel is superb. Every detail in the room is on point, especially the parquet floor was beautiful and nice and cool during the summer heat. The breakfast was very good: excellent selection of sweet and savory dishes. The location of the hotel is perfect, close to all public transport, sights shopping, restaurants, but not right in the middle of the noisy traffic and hustle and bustle Rooms facing the inner courtyard are beautifully quiet and calm. 
Nice room good breakfast 
Have free shuttle communicate to Center station Good breakfast 
Not much 
Amenities, 
Nice breakfast room is ok, 
Very modern, Well equipped Location is not too far from center. Staff were very helpful. Breakfast was very respectable Rooms. Amd bathrooms were very comfortable Good value, gor money, 
Staff were friendly Rooms, comfortable Location is accessible to major sites by bus or train 
The room was nice and the staff was very professional. Location is very good Not far from the central sights 
Good breakfast 
Room was spacious, clean, comfortable Staff were great, assisted us in obtaining a meal at 23, 00pm 
Very kind staff, Big modern, clean rooms with aircondition Family rooms were 2 hotelrooms with a door inbetween fantastic Good beds; OK, WiFi, Metro, just in front og, the hotel 
Free private parking 
Nice hotel rooms, garden and pool Close to the subway, which makes it easy to see the city Hotel, concierge Bernie Gallotta made our stay excellent. 
Good food options and a handy bar 
Staff were incredibly attentive and extremely helpful. No question or request was any trouble, Also a great location. 
Good location, 150m to subway station friendly staff, clear and new room free parking near the hotel. If you manage to find a vacant place, 
Location hotel staff breakfast was ok, 
The building is modern and well maintained. The room is kept very clean. 
Good location, near M5 Metro station, Friendly staff, 
Near city 
Large room air conditioning price 
Exzellent breakfast 
Location and clean 
Not really anything 
The room was spacious, The hotel is in an excellent area, very close to so much. It was perfect, It has a swimming pool and spa with Jacuzzi. Our stay was too short to use these things, but will, in the future, 
The location is great, 
Very nice hotel, very kindly staff Good breakfast 
Nice fit out very comfortable and clean room. Size is quite large center location, few mints from subway nice staff, good details. I had my family traveled with me and was very kids friendly Small gift at the reception to the kids made a huge difference. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel and I will book this hotel. The next time in Wien 
Great location paid for upgrade to have a view of Parliament worth every penny. 
Comfy bed, great bathroom 
It'S a mixed of modern and stylish kind of hotels. I, like it 
Cool lobby nice lobby bar the people I spoke with at the front desk, were friendly and helpful. 
Friendly staff 
Very large, clean, modern room, Good bikes for hire at the hotel Location, very close to city centre. 
Very large room, king size bed, great facilities, very modern Bar Restaurant laundry, 
Reasonable hotel but slightly disappointing room very hot and quite noisy 
Fitness Center was very nice. 
Staff excellent and vary helpful. 
Location 
Typical London hotel in historical building, Friendly staff, Good location Value for money, Pictures of the hotel on web site are real. 
Excellent location next to Kensington Gardens Hyde Park 50m 
The location was great, 
Friendly staff, Good breakfast Comfortable room, Lovely building - I can't fault anything - 
Fab location in Kensington and delicious biscuit on arrival, Spacious and comfortable throughout Breakfast is very good. Choice of eggs cooked to your liking, Perfect for a weekend break 
A great customers service, 
Really comfy bed Very quiet, considering it is just off Tottenham court Road, Very clean Staff, helpful, but not intrusive. 
Good breakfast nice room, nice location, 
Friendly staffs, Sufficient amenity, Good food in the restaurant, Very good location, One of the best hotels in the price range in London, 
It was all fine, not particularly noteworth, in either direction. 
I liked everything the Hotel location is very good staff. Very friendly room is clean and comfortable. 
Breakfast good and easy 
Location n, cleanliness, 
Major incident will be reported by follow up. Email will be sent by separate email with photos and video 
Great bed 
The location is excellent, The staff is helpful and friendly 
We enjoyed the roof top bar Had a nice view of the Eiffel Tower. 
The relaxed traditional atmosphere was particularly appealing. The original feeling of the building was also attractive, Very comfortable, stay 
The staff was more than accommodating and very friendly 
The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is situated very close to centrum, The rooms are cleaned up every day and the breakfast is just nice. A nice sweet lady helps in the breakfast room. We thank you for your kind, smile and attention. 
Love this hotel, Comfortable, quiet, clean and lovely ambience. There are some lovely treats in the room, including a couple of cold beers complimentary And in the lovely bar downstairs. You get a free pint if you register online, Really friendly staff. Awesome breakfast Very close to train stations and near to London Tower Tower Bridge Would highly recommend this hotel. So central and perfect 
The pool is AMAZING, The room and bed and balcony were all amazing. The decor of the hotel is beautiful. The facilities are excellent, including the gym which we didn't, unfortunately, get time to use, but lots of choice of things to do on the stay. The staff were nice, helpful and friendly throughout our stay Good location for venturing out to restaurants and, of course, the metro to see the rest of Paris 
Great location and AC 
Safety in the hotel is good. 
Air con Shower and Nuxe products, Location, Soundproofing, Lift 
Breakfast was definately continental and a bit small, but food was lovely. Free coffee in reception is a nice touch. Also 
Location Size of the suite Cafe across the road Friendliness helpfulness of the staff Quaint, traditional London, hotel, 
Good location, easy to go down to city large room comparing to other hotels in london. I am quite happy to find this hotel 
Everything is so good. 
The bed is nice and the location is very good. 
Staff were friendly, location of hotel is great Close to luxury brands and Harrods 
Good hotel and good safety when I forgot my wallet in the room, I call the staff help me found it after 1 day, Thanks 
The room was comfortable had good amenities, Lovely food, good service in the restaurant 
It was quite and comfortable bed 
Breakfast buffet staff, Camille and Najma 
The location is perfect, 
Upgraded from standard double to suite, which was very clean and comfortable, the breakfast was excellent. 
Essence in India, in London, the food, the staff, the room, e drying, awesome, 
Friendly staff beautifully designed rooms, excellent buffet, breakfast 
Superb breakfast Staff were excellent. Spa was very nice. 
Staff were amazing, particularly Clothilde. The facility was very clean and staff responded to requests quickly. Breakfast was excellent. 
Bed was so comfortable great size, room and friendly staff. 
The originality of the decor without being pretentious the location to area we wished to frequent and the staff couldnt be more helpful. Late checkout of 12 was fab too 
The Breakfast Bag is a great idea. The restaurant and bar downstairs are really excellent. The wifi is reliable, 
Comfortable hotel with nice little touches, such as bathrobes slippers, free drinks and water on the mini bar Nespresso and tea options, One of the best hotel breakfasts in the city, The female staff are nice and friendly 
Nice rooms, friendly staff, 
The hotel is cozy, comfortable, clean and quiet, The location is very good and the staff is very helpful, friendly and efficient. 
Beautiful hotel in a great location We booked the Eiffel tower junior suite, which was lovely with a great view: The bed, nice and big, but very hard. I know some prefer hard to soft, Good and friendly staff on reception. 
Marc concierge very helpful and friendly Made like the service of the hotel. 
Everything was Superb, I do hope your brand will expand in Europe and USA. I have stayed at the Four Seasons, Resorts, Marriotts, Hilton Brands and you guys blow them away. Excellent job and cant wait to visit and stay with you again Also loved. You carry Nuxe brand of products, really love this french brand 
Bed was comfy, the couch bed was not done or given extra blanket, which we had to ask. Breakfast was good, but most of the fruits were not refilled. We had to ask for, apart from all that, nice hotel 
Proximity and convenience 
Outstanding Breakfast very clean and does what it says on the tin 
Everything 
Location 
Location and character of the hotel, 
Location, that is the only positive 
Location 
Location and room design 
Cheap Good central location, but still a quiet neighbourhood; no street noise from bars, clubs, Comfortable bed, Nice toiletries in bathroom 
The bed was comfortable and bathroom was adequate. Also, Room had a bit of a smell to it, but nothing too bad. The neighbourhood was a little sketchy at night. 
It is right next to the train. Station Location is ideal and lots of food options near the hotel. We were able to check in 2 hours early Also, we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel for the whole day after check out as well, with no extra cost. 
The service from the hotel staff was excellent. The reception staff were most helpful with all my requests. They generously gave me an adaptor for the duration of my stay and assisted with other requests. The housekeeping service did a lovely job cleaning the room, despite the poor condition of the room. 
It is very near to Gare Du Nord train station. We can access the mtero very easily to any attractions. 
I liked that theyre very fast and helpful. The area is amazing and close to everything. 
The view from our room, 
Loved the property, The staff and the location 
Easy to get to by car plus parking on site, Family, friendly, Lovely, suites and metro just 10 minute walk away. That'S get you to the centre of Paris with no hassle 
Fantastic location, lovely extras in the room: Restaurant is great. 
Staff were all lovely helpful. They were so personable, Very clean, Great location, a block or two off of the Rue de Rivoli. At the Tuileries Hotel rooms were quiet, Double windows opened to offer fresh air and a beautiful view. 
Everythinh 
Fantastic location and decent sized room for Paris hotel 
I make use of the swimming pool, 
Rapha, l and the other front desk employees were awesome. We had to return our rental car to the airport extremely early in the morning. Rapha l helped find a 24 hour gas station near the hotel. 
Breakfast was fantastic but needed air conditioning to make it just perfect. 
Good location Very convenient, Don't miss the restaurant, Delicious Italian food 
Modern room layout 
Excellent location, Although rooms we stayed in were rather small, they were comfortable and had everything we needed. The beds were comfortable. The staff esp Andy and his colleagues was most helpful and friendly 
Rooftop pool and view is amazing. Staff helped create a great 2 night experience. Rooms are incredible and have great technology 
Location, Restaurants en face 
Great location for lots of nearby attractions and restaurants and easy metro access for the rest of Paris, Very quiet for its central location. 
Lovely modern rooms clean an bright 
Very central location, Clean and well maintained The breakfast was lovely Accommodated. The late arrival due to night flight and distance to the hotel Was able to come and go at. Will Breakfast staff were very polite and friendly Overall happy with our stay. 
Clean hotel, good location, 
Thanks hotel for early check in 
Nice staff at reception helpful when needed, beds bar area and easy to find 
Amazing breakfast selection and the room was really cozy. 
The staff were extraordinarily friendly, smiley and helpful really outstanding. In addition, the bedding was extraordinarily comfortable and the bedsheets were really soft, so much so that they are worth commenting on A real highlight. Everything else was just fine, the room, a little small but nothing out of the ordinary 
Excellent location, comfy bed, 
The location was excellent, The room was clean and spacious. 
The croissants were a great reason to wake up to Washroom very sleek, Inviting ambience 
The ease of booking through the Internet and the rates were competitive. 
Reception, helpfulness at any time room breakfast efficient but willing to talk and make us feel at home. 
The door to parking was bad 
Great choice of restaurants and bars within close distant, as are many of the cities finest attractions. 
The hotel is chic and Modern Bed is comfortable. The concierge and the doorman is incredibly nice and hard working and professional the day we left hotel. There is a cycle event, so the road was blocked and raining outside. We need a taxi to get to airport, but cannot get it easily. The door, man and concierge staff was standing in the rain to help us to get one for more than 20 mins, then finally get one where the taxi stops at about 200m from hotel. So they have to push our luggage all the way to Taxi. My last time, stay in London is at W hotel, but I have to say the service here is better than W, if you like, similar vibe hotel, but with more thoughtful service. Maybe this could b a good choice. 
The staffs were polite and very welcome. 
Slept like a baby 
Comfortable beds, incredible service, the woman who first checked us in was amazing, spoke English was patient and helpful. The gentlemen working there were also all very nice and helpful Rooms were very clean, modern and classically styled and overall great 
The hotel is located in a very good area close to opera, We had superior room and it was a very good size. 
The room was modern, spacious and comfortable with useful amenities. The location was great and the rooms were cleaned daily. 
Everything was very clean: We had a good TV, free, wifi, tea and coffee and plenty of free snacks. In the fridge, though, no breakfast available, The shower was hot and powerful. The location was handy for Liverpool Street Station and the Tower Pleasant staff. 
For a downtown hotel, the facility was great and comfortable and easy access to city centre staff very friendly 
Very comfortable and well provided room. There was construction work taking place at the time, but it was limited to office hours. Only so no real interference or impact Staff were always very helpful and professional 
Croissants were wonderful, Breakfast bar was very good, But the best part of our time there were the concierge staff. They did everything they could to make our stay. The best We'd originally booked another hotel, but it was so horrible. It wasn't fit for an animal. My granddaughter found your hotel online and we were over the moon happy to see our room. We were treated so nice 
The location was the only great aspect of this hotel. Very central And the size of the rooms were decent. 
Breakfasts were excellent, fresh and tasteful 
This hotel was the perfect stay for our trip to Paris, The hotel quality staff, location and everything else exceeded our expectations. 
Great location gorgeous view from balcony 
The hotel is amazing, the staff super helpful and accommodating the rooms are luxurious, well, thought out and comfortable. The food is fantastic. The location is excellent, very easy to get around Paris from especially to walk. 
The hotel was amazing and very accommodating great area. 
A fantastic location and really conveniently between east and west london, plus close to the tube Clean rooms and bathrooms. 
Breakfast was fine cleanliness, good location, excellent 
Technology based rooms, Rooftop bar, was awesome too 
Breakfast and general facilities 
Great bar breakfast 
The staff were very friendly, professional efficient throughout The whole hotel room were of a high standard. Exceptionally clean. The room was very well equipped with good aircon sound proofing. There was plenty of storage. The bed pillows were feather soft encased in quality white cotton. There was a Nespresso machine in the room, in addition to a kettle, etc. Weighing scales in the bathroom to accompany the delicious toiletries We had a great experience very comfortable stay for our one night would definitely recommend this hotel 
Excellent room: great shower friendly staff; Amazing, full English, Breakfast 
The rooms were good and Bed was comfy. 
Modern hotel, perfect size rooms and great location, 
Decor is lovely location is very good. 
The hotel location was good to access major attractions and metro station 
Great location able to take bikes staff helpful 
We booked the apartment and its big enough for four, with good air conditional 
Good location, Easily access to main attractions, 
Great location for getting around town and seeing the sights Paris has the best Metro in the world, but there's plenty to see within easy walking distance of this hotel. The staff provided great recommendations for local eateries. The wine bar restaurant just down the street would rate a return visit. Next trip Shopping was varied and interesting, ranging from French children's books for our grandchildren at 1 euro each to a finely crafted hat for my wife from a local milliner 
The staff were very friendly and helpful. Although the family rooms are smallish, they are tastefully and stylishly decorated. The location is terrific. We also liked the option of breakfast in the room Convenient to lots of good restaurants and boulangeries 
The staff were very friendly and helpful. 
Quiet pocket of Paris for sleeping yet minutes from major attractions. 
Very clean and uniqe The staff at your service any time Calm and relaxation place Close to undergrounds stations and Hyde Park. 
Upgrade to a Junior Suite was sensational, Room was huuuggee and awesome. Bathroom was perfect. Living area sensational bedroom. Brilliant, no view, though 
Quirky and luxurious fantastic hotel Will definitely be staying again soon. 
Not that much to be fair, 
Did not have breakfast, I booked the hotel for my son, who was on a business trip. 
Comfy bed large walk in shower all you needed for a short break when you are out all day, sightseeing. 
Great location and good bar downstairs 
Excellent location very stylish and cozy place Just what we looked for With a pleasure, can advise this hotel, No noise and extremely confortable bed. 
Such a hospitable and accommodating staff 
Amazingly friendly, ladies at the front desk, Very comfortable room, looked great, also Good rate and great location. Next time I go to Paris, this place will be first on my list. 
The size of room by Paris standards was outstanding, Awesome, location and fantastic shower. 
Very central 
Attentive staff, clean room, comfortable bed, excellent location, 
Bed and location 
Location 
The steak was probably one of the best we have had 
Useful handheld device for sightseeing 
Location 
Nice hotel for price staff friendly and helpful 
Furniture and quality of materials 
Perfect location for seeing the sights and secure underground parking was a bonus, although cost 30 per night. 
This is a gem of a hotel, Perfect location and excellent customer service, especially from Antonio at the front desk. He engaged us with his historical knowledge of Paris and gave us amazing advice about where to go. Tan'M you, Antonio 
Funky reception, Marco Pierre White, now in situ also 
Amazing location, just a fes mins, walk off Victoria station Was perfect for a 1 night layover in London between Heathrow and Gatwick Loved computerized check in proccess and the modern room. 
Great staff, Excellent location, Good sized rooms, 
The staff were attentive and responded to our requests. 
Location is great Easy access to two metro stations Supermarket bar restaurants, near by Having the Tour Montparnasse tower nearby, was a great landmark to find the hotel when endlessly walking the beautiful streets of Paris 
Unusual design and decorations Convenient for museums, 
The whole stay was lovely. Unfortunately, we had to wait a while for our rooms to be ready beyond check in times, but staff were very apologetic and we received complimentary breakfast for the delay. 
Very neat clean, well maintained rooms Close to Paddington station hyde park. 
Beautiful looking Hotel very impressive 
Fantastic location, very helpful staff; 
Location was convenient, 
Good facilities, 
Location was great for us, A small walk to underground Would stay again. This area has LOTS of similar hotels to choose from 
Room was nice and clean breakfast was a lovely touch. 
Very quiet and nice hotel. Bravo 
The location is great, as it is near two metro tubes Rooms are cleaned on daily basis. 
Location very good and room clean and generally comfortable 
Spacious room 
Everything fantastic stay: 
What sells this property is the location, Location wise. This property is top notch. Property looks great outside and everything's clean inside 
The price offer the location 
Good location, good bed, good room condition, 
The water flasher in the toilet was extremely comforting. 
Super friendly staff, Great breakfast 
The rooms are clean and the breakfast is good. The location is great and easy access to Oxford Street 
Amazing location, comfortable beds and quite room 
This hotel is perfect. The room is very comfortable, clean, neat and tidy. Although the location is not in the city center, it's really convenient to catch the public transport. There are a bus, stop tram, stop and train station, really close to the hotel, just walk 5 minutes. The neighborhood is very friendly as well. It feels like local people living in Amsterdam. 
First of all, the staff was very helpful in all aspects and the location for visiting the city was great. 
Good breakfast, although quite busy 
Location: ok, 
Old style Need some renovation 
Rooms are beautiful and specious. 
Quiet area Had balcony room at rear, so views of courtyard Breakfast was 
Excellent location, Good size, room, coffee, making facilities, Helpful staff, 
This is my second visit to the property and pleasantly surprised of the rooms nicely renovated, Skybar lovely as always, and common areas, The property centrally located with easy walking distance to main attractions. The staff is truly friendly and come you with a beautiful smile, Certainly will be back soon. 
It was very welcoming and smelt lovely 
We loved the room that we had. It was super comfortable and it met our needs in every way We loved this hotel. Thank you. Novatel 
The staff 
Fabulous breakfast great choice: 
Breakfast was excellent: 
Very good location for a few days in Barcelona, 
Breakfast, It's not noisy at the night time at all Location is beautiful. It'S a joy to walk to the metro and back to the hotel. 
My Room, It was amazing, got upgraded. 
Faultless in every way, 
The pool on the roof is great with a view to Sagrada Familia. The hotel is located right across the subway station. 
Location is amazing, right in the centre Clean rooms, with lots of amenities, Very helpful guest relations. 
Easy access, Nice staff and close to the cathedral, 
The hotel is part of the Olympic village, so everywhere looks quite new. It'S a 5 minute, walk to the beach and 30 minute, walk to city Staff were fab and the pool for kids was great. 
Very helful staff, The ballboy Rod, really went the extra mile to make the stay more positive ran in to the Hotel to get us a map. While the taxi was waiting and giving us helpful tips. A nice balloon in our room welcoming my wife, who had birthday 
Excellent location, very close to metro cycle hire shops, supermarkets, cafes and restaurants Also easy walking distance to most sights and the sea front, Lovely, terrace and pool on the roof rooms, spacious and comfortable with everything you might need Not cheap but well worth what we paid Breakfast Expensive but plenty of places nearby, 
Excellent city hotel in central location, Modern contemporary design, which was very pleasing. We were upgraded to an immaculate suite, which was a pleasant surprise, as we were celebrating our 28th wedding anniversary. This had a very comfortable bed, lovely large, shower and bathroom Good breakfast choices. Small well designed roof top infinity pool with seating and sunbathing area, which we took advantage of for a few hours, R R 
Very comfortable bed, quiet, AC, quiet room, nice breakfast situated super close to metro and a bus stop across the street Small but refreshing pool in the back. 
Location was perfect Close to everything, but far away enough that noise was not an issue. 
The hotel was modern and clean. The location was excellent right next to the shops and cafes and a 10 minute walk down to the port 20 minutes to the beach. There are excellent restaurants with 5 10 minute walking distance. All travel links 2 minutes around the corner. From the hotel there is the metro, trains, buses and taxied Being in a busy area. You can't hear any noise from outside. At night, The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Would highly recommend staying here well worth every penny. 
Air conditioned room with big bed and bathroom 
Beautiful gardens, wonderful staff, loved the bike hire 
Great location, charming hospitality and luxe interiors Loved the stay 
The staff are very helpful. 
The crazy chic design from the Deluxe room, The view over Casa Batll from the balconee, The staff super friendly available and reactive Overall everything 
Located just a few minute walk from the DLR Deptford. This hotel provides the perfect location for those wanting to stay just outside of busy central London. The staff were very friendly and attentive breakfast was great, and the hotel itself is very modern and well decorated. The warm welcome cookie was a nice touch, The room was very pleasant and the beds were certainly comfortable. The bathroom was large and the shower was good. Due to the location, we were able to enjoy a very peaceful nights, sleep and would certainly stay again. The hotel has a secure car park that you can use for 17 a day which is a little pricey but fairly competitive for London. 
Cleanliness is good, 
1, The staff was very polite and helpful Everything we asked for missing. Towels extra pillows help with the TV was answered very quickly. 2. The location is very convenient not in the center but 2 minutes. The Russell Sq station 3 There's a nice shopping center 2 minutes from the hotel, with stores supermarket post office and restaurants. 
This hotel was superb, Nothing was a problem for the staff. The bed was so comfortable that the night was a great sleep We had to check out early in the morning in order to get a taxi to the airport. The team made this easy by printing our checkout details for the time that we needed to leave Little things just made our stay perfect. 
Hotel is in an excellent location on one of the main shopping streets of Milan. A metro station to the M1 line is just outside walking distance to the Stazione Centrale the site. Seeing tour bus stop is 20'm away a good selection of restaurants in the vicinity. 
Modern hotel in a great location, comfort, beds and pillows fantastic breakfasts, great welcome drinks, free luggage, storage. After checkout, The staff replied to emails very quickly. 
Great central location, just 10 mins, walk from Duormo and 5 mins to Metro, Comfortable bed, Spacious, room and bathroom Bath and shower Room very clean and nicely decorated, Good room temperature with adjustable air con heating, Huge window with double glazing and shutters to keep light out in The mornings 
The location was convenient to Duomo. Only a few minutes walk 
Hotel is elegantly decorated, beautiful lobby, with lots of seating area Room is comfortable and clean Location is good within walking distance to various restaurants and supermarket Right next to tram line too 
The cleanliness of this hotel is impeccable, The bed is super comfy and from the moment you arrive, the staff is extremely nice and helpful. The location is perfect near a lovely park, a huge shopping, mall, many delicious restaurants and different kinds of entertainment. There'S absolutely nothing bad to be said about this property. 
Location is great 
The location of the hotel was excellent. I was so impressed with Amsterdam. I booked my wedding at the Grand 
Great Location, many new amenities and perfect service 
The room size was big and nice design. The staff were amazing. 
The bathroom was large and lovely The separate living area with a flat screen tv was a nice surprise. 
The staff very helpful 
Calm location and nice breakfast 
Modern room with comfy seating area, powerful, shower and nespresso coffee maker Super clean hotel feels brand new, Easy location near to Ajax Arena with easy, direct metro to central and train directly to airport 
The room was very modern and brand new 
The room was very comfortable, Very good breakfast in the restaurant, Having the tram line just outside the hotel was very handy. We were able to walk 15 minutes to the train station to catch the train to the airport. Also, I left my prescription sunglasses in the room. The hotel shipped them back to my home after they located them. 
Staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was lovely with a great if far off sea view and the air conditioning was really good. The place is very nicely decorated, except maybe the odd corridors 
Comfy beds, 
Loved the area that the hotel is situated in with nice restaurants within walking distance and the tram with easy access into the city centre. 
The location is amazing, 
King size, bed and size of room Shower curtain, Friendliness and assistance of front desk staff, Great location, Complementary drink, coupon, 
Super comfy beds, personal, very nice and helpful nice, jacuzzi and great bathroom. Everything was perfect, See you next time we're in Barcelona. 
Staff were excellent And the food was stunning 
Incredibly friendly check in Lots of time given to us to and was so welcoming, He deserves an award Good location, nice coffee machine, great shower, Not a hotel feel with the layout, but still perfectly nice. 
Good location, even though a bit on the outside 
Rooms are roomy, Breakfast is the best 
Nothing 
Breakfast selection, great 
The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, The room was lovely. Free wine in the room was a nice touch. Very central Would highly recommend 
The freebies in the minibar, The amazing modern decor, The welcome baked good. They left in the room, Super friendly staff, Super central location, 
Very comfortable walking distance from the central station very close to the? U Bahn and just in front of TU Wien 
The location 
Excellent spacious room Very good breakfast served by enthusiastic professionals. 
The location is excellent for W1, The staff are very personable and make every effort to make your stay a good experience. The on site car park is an advantage, but only for a small medium car 
Very modern and comfortable hotel Breakfast offers a good choice. Coffee is excellent. Convenient location, close to subway Noise from street quite high is fully blocked by windows. If closed, Wi Fi of good quality Note Hotel is not suitable for biz trip No table in the room. 
Great shower and very large bathroom Great view and dark shutters to keep light out if you need to Staff was great 
Decent location, 
Comfortable rooms, great rooftop, bar and pool Friendly staff, especially bar tender, on roof with dark rimmed glasses Thanks 
The ambiance of this rather grand looking place was very welcoming and the location for exploring Barcelona was excellent. The options for restaurants and tapa bars near by were great. The roof. Top pool and bar service were nice, although we didn't use it except to enjoy the views of the city. Our room had a good sized bathroom with double sinks, almost unheard of in a hotel. 
The restaurants around the hotel were nice. 
4Th floor and with balcony It was great complimentary, flip flops, very comfortable room. 
Comfortable bed clean room and toilet Close to main attractions and airport shuttle. 
Hotel is in a good location within walking. Distance of the harbour Pool was great to cool down after a hot day. Walking around Room was compact, but had everything we needed for our stay Shower was good. 
Absolut worthless 
They cater to buses, so the room we booked was unavailable. They upgraded us to a nicer room for the same price, Plenty of free parking, 
Reservation and reception very kind and helpful 
The position of the hotel 
Location was fantastic: All staff were very attentive and friendly. 
Clean hotel in a ok location, very modern, with great facilities, 
Trendy art, decor comfy beds, quiet and peaceful, great skybar and cocktails 
Everything from the staff, hotel and friendly atmosphere - 
Staff were excellent, Room was clean and tidy 
Great location, close to relatives, quiet, gemuetlich, wonderful, breakfasts, friendly and super helpful staff, Like that, it's a small family run hotel where they really care about the place and their guests. 
Excellent staff and location, I have trouble walking and it is in the heart of many things to see and do 
Location 
Excellent allocation, next to all the popular sightseeing places, 
The staff were very good and always ready to assists The environment is neat and quite and its good for relaxation 
When you bring down your room rate and also breakfast should be added to the rate and not charged seperately 
Nice staff comfortable and big room Good for self driving trip Near to the shop 
It was very clean and very accessible to the city center by public transport. 
Bathroom very nice and bed was comfy Location very close to the Metro, easy to get around 
Modern comfortable bed clean very close to Amsterdam arena 
Very helpful staff Nice view from room 
Atmosphere of a great hotel, 
Location 
Beautiful rooms very clean, close to everything, 
Breakfast buffet was very complete, with omelettes made to order Location was great for exploring the central city and pedestrian shopping area. The room was good sized and comfortable 
Location was excellent, Very Clean, Friendly staff at check in 
Position walking distance to most of the main attractions shopping and restaurants on your doorstep. 
Breakfest good 
Perfect location close to the very charming shopping area of the 9 streets and close to nice, restaurants and cafes, You can walk all over the city from there Very nice staff. 
The staff were so friendly, it was a different stay to what I'm used to it felt like I was staying at their home. It was a quarkey hotel, very arty and a interesting find at each corner. I would definitely recommend it to all my friends. 
Located in a quiet area, helpful staff, easy access to public transport, spacious and modern rooms, 
A pool or a spa with a hot tub jacuzzi is the only missing thing, especially a pool in such a hot city during the summer. For those who don't like the shore, 
It was my second stay during my trip to london. I choose to return back to the same hotel due to the beautiful treatment from the staff to the residents in the hotelso. I thought it would be the best option for me to spend night in hilton prior. My flight on the next day would like to thank eveyone for their assistance and warm welcoming 
Very close to shopping district 
Near Hyde park walking in the morning or in the evening, is a nice thing to do Close to oxford street 
Nice friendly atmosphere, Excellent breakfast 
Nice staff Comfortable bright room, 
The staff kindly offered a complimentary upgrade as we were, staying while on our honeymoon 
Very good breakfast with great staff. Thank? U all, and to Carmin 
Everything is renovated and the staffs are very nice. The location is perfect. 5Mins walk to the Milan cathedral, 
There was a great variety of food for breakfast and the coffee was exceptional. I would have loved to eat and drink more and only showed restraint for health reasons. The location is within walking distance to a University in Milan, where I attended a conference, It is also close to a metro station where there are several shops. Moreover, a bus to the Central Station stops right in front of the hotel. The hotel has a lift, which is nice when you have a heavy suitcase 
Best location, Hospitality of staff 
We got a top floor corner room and the view size of room was great. Hotel is in a great location, tram, stop just outside staff are friendly and helpful, and the parking facility is excellent. 
Very nice facility Clean, friendly and great atmosphere, 
This is our second time at Best Western. We loved the property from our last trip and were quick to book it when we saw it this time The room was spacious and clean. The tram station was 2 minutes, walk from the property and they also have a grocery store in the lane. 
Clean spacious room, soft bed, supermarket nearside tram, bus nesrside, 
The location is excellent. I love the Art, Deco restaurant 
The beds are very comfy. The air con was nice. 
Nice 
The beds were so comfy great nights, sleep Location for great for the train station; 
Location breakfast close to shops and metro possibility for parking at hotel parking places. 
Big spacious room, Friendly reception staff, 
The staff is very friendly and helpful. The location is superb, being close to beach and 5 min walk to metro. The facility is also very well kept and comfortable. The breakfast buffet is delicious with many options. The Wi Fi works perfect, but cost 25 euro a day. 
Good location, however, good shops are in the other districts. 
Quiet bedroom really well soundproofed: Proximity to public transport; tram; 12; stop right in front of hotel, Free and easy to access; wifi. 
Great service, The room is good. Staff. Is nice 
The views 
We had a really nice time. The hotel is clean, the staff is really friendly and the view is amazing Really easy to get to the city centre. Just 10 mins with the ferry There is nice bars around, and we would be happy to come back again on our next visit to Amsterdam. 
Great location, Very friendly and helpful staff, Excellent breakfast buffet Good lunch and dinner offers Functional rooms, Convenient parking, 
Genuinely lovely and helpful staff Conveniently located but nicely tucked away off the main street, so no noise, Great breakfast worth, including in your booking. I also had one dinner in the restaurant, which was also excellent, Very cool interior, decoration and furniture. I stayed for work, but would book again for holidays 
Room beds, food all excellent Rooms on canel side were loud. If you opened the windows, Staff, great and wonderful location, 
All the hotel staff were extremely helpful friendly and whoever is doing the in house. Training is doing a great job. We look forward to visiting again it is a very unique hotel In its previous life, it was a printing press and the hotel decor reflects this. 
The overall theme of the hotel, friendly staff and proximity to the center 
Great location, Safe, Comfortable, Clean 
The bed extra comfy Mornings was little noisy because the delivery came on the restaurant 
Hotel staff were extremely friendly Rooms and hotel were extremely clean. Room was spacious and very comfortable, and we were excellently situate for our trip. We were recommended to you by Middle Temple. As my accommodation there was unavailable and we are very glad that the Inn recommended this alternative. 
Location was ideal for where we were visiting 
Arrived late at night, booking in was straightforward staff welcoming When we realised we had left a phone charger in our room. I contacted them by email, then phone and they found the charger and put it aside for us to pick up at a later date. Comfortable bed Really handy for Barcelona Sants railway station for our onward trip, as well as metro into central area of Barcelona. 
Great service, Wonderful location, 
The room was a great size with huge balcony views of the Canal. 
Got upgrade for free 
Very comfortable room, especially the bed Bus, stop straight to city centre, just down the road 
I, like the night time time as it is quiet around the hotel when sleeping in the night. I like the bed as it is very spacious. I like spa. It is really amazing. 
Extremely spacious and comfortable room, excellent bathrooms and lovely views of the city from the 5th floor Conveniently located near public transport stops. Restaurants, bars and night clubs, 30 minute walk to the beach, the Gothic quarter, Raval and many other attractions. The breakfast is excellent and there is a 3 course dinner. The menu changes every night in the hotel for 18, which is of superb quality. 
Good sized room, Comfortable bed Pleasant and helpful staff 
Great location Staff was always prompt to help Room. Size was good. 
Good breakfast helpful staff with transport information 
Room was large light and very clean. Breakfast included had very good selection. 
The extra bed was comfy 
I have enjoyed a comfortable room on the 13th floor with an amazing view from the balcony. A fresh flower in the bathroom was a nice surprise. Very friendly and professional staff was appreciated, Great location near to favourite Stadtpark and to the city center. 
Wonderful location, comfort, helpful and attentive staff. We had beautiful suite with minimalist design and mesmerizing view. 
Value for money, Location Pool, 
Location and great black out curtains, which really helped us in having a good sleep. 
Staff were very helpful and pleasant, Excellent location, 
Everything was perfect, as we expected they offer us deluxe double room for our standard room reservation. We were upgraded to better room that was very friendly and unexpected. Breakfast was very good and we had coffee through out the day free of charge. 
Worth staying here, just for the roof top bar 
Location 
Bedroom was overlooking other building and no view. 
Amazing views, comfy, bed and purobeach was amazing. 
Three locations were and wonderful service here. 
Very pleasant hotel in a central area, The room pool was great for our kids 
Location staff rooms were spotless, cant wait to go back in October, 
Everything 
One of the best Roof Top bars, restaurants in Milan, Great location, ambiance lighting, scents and music; A truly great lifestyle, hotel 
Glam hotel is one of the best in the area. It is near the centeral station, The tourist's buses, stop few steps from the hotel and can take you to all Italy outlets and sightseeing tours. There are many geat restaurants in nearby 
Very helpful staff, Great cappuccino, 
Location, Cleanliness, 
Bed was OK, the brekfast eggs wasnt very good 
The location is absolutely perfect, super easy to get to and from as it is, a very short walking distance from the Milano Centrale train station. The breakfast is very good. The bed was sooooo comfortable, I must say 
Delicious breakfast and location is easy to travel to all areas of Milan Very clean and the staff are very friendly. 
The view was great, Also 3 minutes walk from central train station Room decoration was also excellent. 
Great view on Amsterdam, great room with comfortable couch and business desk and a great sauna 
Breakfast good selection Swimming Pool was a nice extra to have 
The position was great, as it was just off the busy rambla and in the street, where a lot of hidden small, boutiques variety of vegetarian and vegan foods, Reception staff was nice, very clean, great shower. 
The location, the space in the rooms, the proximity to sites, entertainment pool deck and staff 
Staff were so friendly Loved the jacuzzi, it was super cheap and the 15th floor. Complimentary terrence was beautiful, so was the downstairs garden and outdoor pool Drinks served 24 hours. Amazing hotel, 
Great staff, beautiful design, generous breakfast, which was included beautiful view of square Great bathroom design, awesome shower and great bath products with a selection of Molton Brown gels. Three scents 
Very friendly and helpful staff Hotel was spotless and the room very comfortable 
An exceptional hotel in a great location, Vibrant decor, very clean and wonderful staff made our stay veru, enjoyable, 
The staff were so kind specially at check in time. The location is great. The view from rooms in the 9th floor is more than amazing. 
The rooms were big Loved the man helping with the luggage. Also sam, was very helpful. 
Amazing location, Metro outside your door Pool Room was gorgeous 
Staff were very helpful. Upgraded our room on arrival, Lovely big beds. Very comfy Shower - was amazing. 
Good location, good service, They kept our luggage safely for several days. 
Convenience, cleanliness, efficiency and comfort, 
The staff was very helpful, Cleanliness was very good and the breakfast was nice. Although fewer choices available, 
We traveled through much of the U K for over a week, and this was by far the best hotel experience we encountered. Everything was on point 
Highly recommend The Ned staff were exceptional. 
Location design, 
One of the absolute nicest hotels I have ever stayed in From the staff to the style and the luxurious and very sexy rooms the hotel exceeding my expectations in every category. I was a apprehensive of the location so close to Central Station, but that also turned out to be a great feature. The hotel feels brand new, it's perfectly maintained and has a very playful spirit. The best part is the actual room, Super luxe details, lighting and high ceilings. It did not feel like a hotel, more likes, staying in a luxury apartment Breakfast also, terrific Gym is large for a hotel gym too, and there is an indoor pool, A great stay for 4 nights. 
Great breakfast friendly staff, clean room, spacious, room and bathroom 
The room was a bit small but very efficiently. Furnished The beds were very comfortable, The breakfast was amazing and the staff were friendly, Lovely gardens and outdoor dinning area. We had dinner in the hotel, restaurant and the food was very good. The location is perfect. Everything was just great and can't wait to be back again. 
It was like living in a beautiful novel, Authentic and original dutch boutique hotel 
You have everything you need to a very luxuriant standard, Really comfortable beds, good perks, like their eco warrior tokens where you gain 10 credit for not having your room made up every day. The staff were super friendly and helpful. The bar and lounge areas were very stylish and welcoming 
Bed was so comfy And huge. Overall, the room was pretty great, Controlling it with an iPad, was quite nifty, Toilet and shower being in the room. Didn'T faze us at all. There'S a curtain that can be drawn across that area. If you're a bit shy, Staff were really friendly, helpful, too Loved the whole concept of the place, Brilliant literature and art all around you, 24hr bar Clever incentive to help the environment Couldn't really recommend the place more Tram. Stop was just outside 1 tram ride to city centre, but takes almost half an hour. I think that's, the only slight negative I can think of Just fantastic Will definitely be back. 
The hot chocolate was amazing: 
Very quiet and pleasant location, 
Friendly staff 
Very nice and comfy bed Can't complain. 
Clean 
We liked the position of the hotel very easy to walk to everything complimentary drink in the reception. Very nice touch, Most of the staff were lovely and very helpful, especially the concierge 
Excellent spacey sunny and very comfortable private terrace, Great service and staff 
Perfect location, free welcome drinks, comfortable room yummy, breakfast 
Great location, Quiet compared to the Hilton we stayed at later, 
All was good specially the staff and the room cleaness 
The hotel was lovely and in a perfect area close to the Staatsoper, The staff was extremely kind and helpful. I needed a doctor and called from the train and they managed to organise it all for me, even though it was a Sunday evening. Otherwise, the room was very nice and clean and we benefitted from the hotel's many facilities. 
The location The stuf were friendly and helpful. 
Location 
The attention to details from the welcome basket to the cleanliness, the pool the staff, the decor, the location, I wanted to stay longer. 
Pleasunt stay 
The location is great and the staff is very helpfull. All the rest is on a very good level. 
Excellent location and modern hotel 
Location, modern and stylish room facility is beyong. Our expectation Front desk is friendly and speaks English very fluently. 
The stuff was very polite and helpful. The room was as expected and described. The breakfast was very good, even if it had limited options. The property is close to many stations, bus and metro, and therefore easy to go around music and dancing. Events have been taking place while we, where there 
Comfortable room Great breakfast with a view of the La Sagrada Familia, The rooftop is a nice place to hang out Conveniently located 3 mins, walk away from the La Sagrada Familia and metro station with restaurants and supermarkets. Nearby Nice neighborhood, Friendly staff. 
Nice rooms, beautiful rooftop, terrace bar lovely, helpful staff, 
We came to hotel so tired after night train trip, It was early in the morning. They had no room, but they let us know in short period. Room is ready and we had nap and were ready to see Vienna 
That is had a pool 
The Location in particular 
Great sized rooms and superb selection for breakfast 
Location and the price very kind with me, 
Great hotel, a bit of walking distance from city and sites, but the walk to get. There is very scenic, and not too long, but overall, a great hotel to stay. 
Staff v friendly and helpful great location, just off kensington high street Facilties and room v good Fridge in room great extra 
Spacious and clean room, comfortable bed, very nice breakfast free coffee, tea and internet, Very friendly, as well as helpful staff. 
Excellent business hotel not far from the city centre, metro and tram, 
Everything Not first time here, 
Good location in the inner stadt Nice hotel, great value for money, Would stay again if in Vienna, Don't look any further. 
The breakfasts were excellent, The staff were all very pleasant and helpful. 
Location, staffs and room size breakfast 
Nice, Hotel and good location 
Great location, subway within 2 min walk, Comfortable bed, quiet, room, Spacious and clean bathroom. Very nice breakfast Helpful staff who provided us city map upon checking in 
Only the Location was good. 
Very centrally, located and value for money in a beautiful city. 
Everything 
We enjoyed staying at the Room, Mate tremendously Loved the modern retro style feel Would definitely stay here again. 
Room and Breakfast 
Lovely little place great helpful staff. 
Friendly staff 
Stayed in this hotel for the last 5 night, All was great and surely nothing to complain about Location couldn't be any better its just where Grabenstrasse and K rntner strasse meet two of the main Vienna streets. Our room was spotlessly clean, just as all the hotel. Some people were writing about the room, furnishing and saying its outdated. Well, i look at it in a different way, its the hotel characteristic, just as it appears on the photos. So surely whoever booked this hotel knew what the furniture looked like. All staff from the front office, the porter, the chambermaids, the restaurant staff etc were very friendly and, although in a professional way, they were always with an honest smile on their faces, Breakfast was also great and well organised, Surely worth staying there and, if visiting Vienna once Again, thats, where i'll stay 
Nice n clean hotel Executive floor rooms were big, Staff were friendly helpfull and they spoke english. Breakfast was good lots of options. 
Excellent staff and Concierge 
The whole hotel is extremely comfortable and everything just works to perfection. 
Central Location, very friendly staff, 
Location is excellent. 
Staff and location 
This is our second time in this hotel. The location, breakfast and staff are great. Mr Marco, at reception is an exceptional host and goes way above and beyond the routine. The breakfast is exceptional in all aspects. I would recommend this hotel and would return again. 
The room was lovely and the bed very comfortable Staff friendly and helpful. I had a great time there. 
The staff was very professional and helpful. 
Excellent situation, Good hotel, but the carpet in our room was really grotty. If that was cleaned, my score would have been higher. 
I liked the location 
The design 
Location of the hotel was great Size of the room, cleanliness and the rooftop pool were perfect too 
The room was large and fantastic Staff was very helpful. Sauna and swimming pool are definetly a plus after a day walking around the city. 
The location was grateful, a few minutes to the piazza Duomo and Galleria Vittorio and the famous street Via Montennapoleone and Corso Vittorio Emanuele shopping area. Also, it's near to the two main metro stations, only 100 metres missori m3, yellow line and Duomo m1 red line which connect you to the most important areas in Milan, such as the main centeral rail station and famous streets and other mertropolitan underground. The hotel surrounded with many cafes bar and restaurants, 
Great location, lovely staff and good restaurant 
Great location and facilities were clean and the room comfortable 
The staff was great and the breakfast was marvellous. We had a great stay. Unfortunately, we only stayed for one night. We will definitely be back again. 
Fresh fruit and water, upon arrival at no extra cost Large wardrobe, leading into spacious, bathroom, Aircon, Close to bus, stops and short journey into town 
Amazing, rather small boutique hotel, Really unusual, stylish interior, Good location, around 10 15 mins walking to Duomo Very kind and helpful stuff, helped me to receive my package in advance dryclean my things and gave many advices on how to make my journey the most comfortable, while in Milano Good shower and bathroom 
The staff was very friendly and hotel location is great. 
Convenience of location, 
Room was perfect, Large, comfortable, Clean. The bathroom was large and comfortable All what you can expect from a good hotel. The Hosts were very helpful and very kind. Breakfast was huge. The value for money was great. The Hotel is 20 minutes, walk from Duomo Milan Center Check out was 12 00, and this is a Huge Plus 
The hotel's location is very central and in close proximity to important places in Milan, The staff was helpful and friendly Staff at the Restaurant were very helpful too. It was a good old hotel. 
The day we could finally check out 
Good breakfast polite Spanish, receptionist 
Modern fashionable environment, spacious and relaxing 
Everything was ok, I recommend 
Staff advisedd of eating venues, which were both exceptional and nothing too uch trouble Great friendly service. 
Nice breakfast free parking near public transport stops to get to Duomo 
Great experience for our family, The kids were surprised with gifts and a treasure hunt through the hotel with a price. At the end, There was fresh fruit and cake in our room when we arrived, Staff was extremely helpful and wonderful. 
Location for airport is very good. 
Breakfast was incredible: 
This is an awesome hotel, Lots of extras. We didnt expect sweets, biscuits in our room Personalised print out Coffee, cakes, biscuits available in a public area Bath with jets to ease pains Really near to Central train stn 
Breakfast was great large, buffet, Very friendly host at the breakfast Parking service. Incl for our bikes was very good and swiftly considering you are close to the city center 
Every thing was excellent: 
Very nice decorated clean comfortable hotel, Very easy to reach Milan City Center with Metro 
The suite was big and great, with kids 
Location was ideal for my work and close to the central station area. 
Excellant location, Easy trip into city on either metro or tram, plus easy to get to liveky, canel area, Wifi, excellent, Very comfy beds and lovely bedding. Fantastic extra was a smart phone which you could take out with you, which connected to internet, thus useful for finding way about, Could also use for free phone calls baxk to england Excellent breakfast with extras, such as gluten free and low calorie 
Facility as 4 star 
Staff were friendly and professional Hotel was stylish and clean Short walk to centre of Milan Lovely breakfast, especially when taken outside on the patio 
Lobby and Garden 
Near autostrada, free private parking, good breakfast 
Modern rooms and secure free parking 
Clean hotel breakfast was nice. 
Nothing 
Nice food, good hotel, 
Excellent location, extremely stylish, with top class service 
The star is super nice, so helpful. I wanted a pizza, but the kitchen room service was closed. Cuz, it was too late. One of the staff went out and got me. A pizza location is perfect in center of duomo happy and will stay there again for sure. 
Overall value, very good for Milan 
Close to shopping and some good restaurants, Proximity to central station 
It was designed more for families 
Staff 
Room was good with kids in a separate room but joined to ours. 
Alles was top 
Rooms were large and spacious, Huge shower 
Pool is excellent. 
This hotel is very close to the main Milan train terminal. It was just a few blocks from the hotel which made travel easy. The subway was also within a few blocks and getting around Milan was fun, efficient and convenient With short, safe walks. We could find several restaurants 
Great Hotel, its in a good location, Shops cafes near by A nice 20 min walk to Duomo and Galleria Emanuel Staff very helpful. Our room 4th floor was quiet and well equipped for us would recommend 
Everything 
Everything was very good staff facilities, etc. The only issue was that I wake early and there is no coffee making facilities in the room. 
Handy location of tram station opposite, but a slow journey into centre attractions Helpful checkout in early hours, Quick friendly check in Clean room. 
Excellent location, easy to travel by metro to all major attractions in the city. 
Clean white bed sheets Clean bathroom with some stains in corners, though Free parking can be found near the hotel. Hotel'S parking, not free, Metro station, very close 
I loved the room, it was nice and comfortable 
Location, stuff design, comfortable bed and room 
The room is very big, clean and comfortable 
The hotel is central to many of the major tourist sites in Amsterdam. Flower Market was literally round the corner, and there are two areas were: one is able to commence a river cruise within a couple of minutes: walk of the hotel, Many restaurants and bars nearby in Rembrandt Square, Very easy journey from Airport to hotel via Centraal Station 10. Minute journey with ticket costing approximately 5 euros, We walked the remainder of the way from the station to the hotel approximately10 minutes, but Tram 24 stops right outside of the hotel. If you didn't want to walk Rooms were very clean. If a little careworn Breakfast was well laid out and varied, fresh fruit yoghurt, excellent selection of breads rolls and meat and cheese Cooked food also available 
The hotel was close to the bus stations, The staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was nice. The hotel was close to the bus city tour 
The bed was amazing, I was tempted to just stay in all day. Location is close to the museums and about 20 minutes to the centre. It'S a nice quiet location which felt more residential than touristy 
The bed was really comfy, 
Clean nice room, location, 
Modern rooms, great breakfast Staff was freindly and the location is perfect for shopping lovers. 
We, like the location, It is very near the center, a minute from big shopping street and other city monuments. 
Location staff, clean room 
Very quiet environment, despite being so close to Stephansplatz Convenient location to attend meetings at the Vienna International Centre; U1, Convenient location for tourism purposes, Availability of guest computer permitting online bookings and airline check in 
Location was perfect outside of the crazy mess of the city center. 
The location was good, there is a tram just outside, but given that this is Amsterdam, this is not that much. The hotel is nicely decorated, but if you are vegan stir away as they really like leather there 
I liked the location Also told the staff, it was my birthday and they surprised us with a bottle of prosecco and b day cake. 
Excellent hotel, near to major sight, seeing places bed was very comfortable. Excellent room services. Room was big, very safe for the families to stay grocery stores near by it will remain our hotel to stay. For always in london. Staff friendly check out was fast. 
Good location, stylish, hotel, attentive staff, 
Breakfast location and staff excellent 
The bed indeed was like a cloud: The rooms were very nice. Everything clean, solid wifi, helpful staff and best only 1 min walk to metro, which takes you downtown in a few minutes. 
Funky, modern and trendy 
Quirky decor Nice rooms Bar restaurant, Good location, 
Great location, nice breakfast 
Hotel is a period piece that is well situated near a metro, stop. It is very clean and in overall good shape if dated Staff reasonably friendly. 
Location of the hotel, the breakfast and the staff were great 
Friendly staff Clean Best house keeping and breakfast one of the best in Vienna, 
The beds were very comfortable 
The hotel lobby and bar are very pleasant and staff friendly. The hotel is situated in a quiet street just off Kensington high st and very handy for tube and restaurants. Hotel is nicer than other Holiday Inns. We'Ve stayed in 
The location, great and clean and modern room and stuff 
Price 
Timeless elegance to this lovely hotel, The staff made you feel special and on hand to help. This was a very special treat for us and it was the right choice of hotel, 
Staff were helpful and friendly. The location was excellent for getting around Paris on foot or by Taxi 
Bright modern quality, hotel, Five mins, walk from Kings Cross, St Pancras or Euston Soundproofing, and blackout excellent, Very clean, great huge bed, great shower Staff, very friendly, Highly recommend 
A stylish hotel with comfortable spacious rooms Very well placed for St Pancras station and a 15 20 minute walk to Oxford Street 
Too hot 
The excellent location, the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness 
Boutique hotel 29 rooms in the style of a Georgian gentleman's residence on a lovely old street off the very modern Bishopsgate Equidistant from Shoreditch and the city and an easy walk in both directions. There is a decent pub with nice, terrace opposite 5 mins from Liverpool. St The three reception rooms are charmingly and elegantly furnished with antiques and the whole hotel has a quirky feel, rather than stuffy and old fashioned. Our room, despite not being contemporary, had all modern requirements, including plenty of sockets and good wifi. The antique bed was supremely comfortable with luxurious bedlinen. The room and bathroom were charmingly furnished. The bathroom with its copper shower bath and REN toiletries was a treat to spend time in Staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. We enjoyed a breakfast in bed of delicious bacon sandwiches one morning Highly recommended, Considering that a few weeks ago I paid 200 for a night in the Victoria Premier Inn. We feel that Batty Langley's is excellent value. 
The size of the room, the bathroom and the location, 
The location was great: we were able to walk everywhere. The room was great perfect for a short stay Food wise. We had no problem finding great deals with the surrounding restaurants. 
Room was perfect for what we wanted: Clean and modern, with a big comfy bed and plenty of space for bags etc. Bathroom bit on the small side, but did it's job so can't complain? Staff were super helpful from the minute we checked in until we left and when we rang down and requested an iron and extra teabags. They arrived within 5 minutes. 
Excellent location right in the middle of Paris For Paris, the room was quite large and was well fitted out and very clean with a modern, full bathroom. 
The office and desk staff were very helpful and friendly Loved being in 6th Arr, Go to Gerard Mulot's, patisserie, Perfect walking to Musee D Orsay Jardin des Tuileries Musee de l Orangerie Place des Vosges, Sainte Chapelle Musee Rodin 
Did not have breakfast 
The location was the best thing we liked 
The location is perfect for getting around The staff are all extremely nice, and the restaurant attached serves beautiful food. If you don't want to go out, 
Bed was comfortable 
The room was funky and modern, with nice facilities. 
Very good location, It's easy to go to Underground station and Railway station by using Hotel's back door. 
So convenient for the Heathrow Express 
I liked that the hotel was close to public transportation and in walking distance to a super market. 
The comfort and decoration of the room, The staff at the reception 
Beautiful hotel with great staff, really like the option where you can leave your luggage in safe place after check out if your flight is in evening, no need for walking around city with it. We really enjoyed our stay in this hotel. Definitely worth the money we spend 
Millesime was an excellent experience, A very cute quaint hotel, but the room and bathroom extremely spacious for a hotel. The location is incredible: walking distance to the Louvre, and beautiful cafes and restaurants, Very safe feeling area at night and the staff were wonderful, Can't fault. This experience, 
Excellent value for money, 
They left us a bottle of champagne on our wedding night and the staff were lovely amazing. Little hotel in the heart of London with stunning gardens happy bride. 
Location was good. Bed was very comfortable, Decent facilities. 
Hotel in need of renovation, 
Location, very central, Very good value for money; 
The hotel desperately needs a refurbishment, 
Excellent breakfast and friendly staff 
Clean 
I was only at the hotel for one night, but wish i could of stayed longer. Such a comfortable stay in a beautifully designed hotel Staff were super helpful when I needed an iron printing and specific meal option. I really loved the rooftop, terrace and amazing location. Had a really relaxing feel 
Very helpfull staff attention to detail 1st class 
Very helpful and cheerful staff 
Location and view 
Modern new comfortable and with very professional staff 
This gorgeous little hotel is situated right next to the Pantheon, but feels like a quiet respite from the busy streets of Paris. From the moment you step in the door, you can tell that much care has been taken in decorating and furnishing this hotel. There are so many lovely touches throughout the common areas and the guest rooms From the beamed ceilings to the rotary phones and other decor. Our rooms were beautiful and charming. The bathrooms are very modern, super clean and comfortable. The bed was wonderful And we appreciated the air conditioning Breakfast served in the stone walled. Cellar was delightful, Truly the best scrambled eggs I have ever had The hotel backs up to a quiet neighborhood with a number of restaurants, cafes and patisseries that we really enjoyed. Last but not least, the staff at reception and throughout the hotel were so gracious and friendly. We look forward to returning to the Hotel Les Dames du Pantheon 
Awesome place friendly staff and funny at times and great cleaning everyday 
Wonderfully comfortable bed Lively food in the restaurant, I liked the busy vibe downstairs and the incredibly calm, relaxing bedroom, Very thoughtful staff, Great location, 
Great location, staff and restaurants 
Everything was perfect: the hotel is brand new, great staff, good food and drinks very clean and a great value for money, Close to two metro stations, tram and bus. You can practically be anywhere in Paris in a matter of minutes. I would come back anytime. 
The location and the decor were very good. 
Location is great: Room was hot due to good weather Room, had an AC machine which is great to cool down room quickly, but it's very bulky and very, very noisy 
The complimentary mini fridge 
Great location in walking distance to top London sites, Breakfast buffet spread was fantastic with good food, and the room and bed were very comfortable. 
Location, Very nice staff, Very helpful staff, 
Location opposite Pigalle, metro Rooms, serviced every day, Rain shower lovely 
The hotel was across the street from Gare du Nord, a quick, easy walk. The entrance was challenging to locate because it was literally a small doorway nestled between two restaurants. The doorman was accommodating and helped direct me to reception Once checked in. I was able to store my bag for the day. The Hop on Hop off bus stop was again right across the street. The room was nice, but no shampoo. I packed very light for a two day trip and took my shampoo out at the last minut. I had to wash my hair with body wash located in the shower. I also like a face cloth again. There wasn't one in the room. 
Nice breakfast and well equiped rooms and very friendly staff. 
We stayed for 4 days and interacted with 5 or 6 staff members. They were all friendly, helpful and good at their jobs. The location of this hotel was fantastic. It was so nice to be able to cross the road to the gardens. Go just around the corner. To find lovely places to eat, and also only a 40 minute, very pleasant, walk from the Eiffel Tower along the river 
If you are travelling to Paris on business and if that is centered around Bastille area, this hotel is the right place to go. It is a boutique hotel and all new not run down at all. The area has many eating places around it. That is the only next bonus I saw in this place. 
The room, Location, 
Nice boutique hotel Very friendly and helpful staff, Great location Love it 
Location closed to main public transportation. 
Clean room with bit of French vibe, Perfect Location in terms of safety and convenience. The staff are really nice, especially the young lady. They all speak English quite well. They kindly let us leave the luggages there after check out 
Large room 
Friendly and professional staff, cleanliness, Location, 
Lovely spot and beautiful staff, particularly Ms Kim, who was nothing but a delight. 
Good location, 
Location and facility is quite nice. 
Everything cannot fault the hotel staff. The whole stay was enjoyable and excellent. 
Great location, Beautiful property, Helpful concierge, Fantastic air conditioning 
Large room very, very quite funky, decoration with style, fabulous Breakfast 
We liked the location for the venue we were visiting and the area around is vibrant with lots of shops and pubs. There is a residents lounge that stays open after pub had shut 
Friendly and helpful staff in a great location, Restaurant has very good food at a reasonable price. 
My impression for front service 
Excellent location, Great Wifi, access Breakfast had everything, including freshly squeezed orange juice. Rooms were a bit out dated, but comfy 
Location was amazing, 
Well, situated close to metro and buses friendly staff, quiet area in town, 
I love the location of this hotel. It is right off of Earl's Court Rd and a stone's throw to the Earl's Court tube station. There is a pub at the corner and a number of restaurants and other shops right on Earl's Court Rd. I will always stay here if there is a free room on my London visits. 
Nice property and great staff 
The room is fine, 
The room included a smartphone to use international and domestic calls, as well as unlimited data. This was free of charge and helped me navigate the city and stay connected. The staff was pleasant and accommodating The room view was fantastic and the room itself was spacious, with two large windows. 
Great hotel, with lovely staff in a great location, 
Fantastic location Away from tourist places, but all within reasonable walking, distance Or 8euro Uber ride Comfortable bed; Very quiet, 
Central Paris very close to attractions Staff very helpful 
The location 
Staff was friendly, helpful and the best part of the place 
Staff was great Kids loved the bunk beds, 
Amazing bed, Great bathrooms, 
Non at all, 
Good Enjoyed my stay in this hotel. 
Cleanliness and helplful staff 
Very comfortable bed super shower quiet, room, location, housekeeping good staff, helpful and polite 
We just love the atmosphere of this small, stylish first class hotel right in the heart of distinguished Mayfair. The staff is very friendly and helpful. You do feel at home the very first moment you enter the lobby. We have been coming to the Chesterfield for many years and we have never been disappointed. 
The location of the hotel is perfect and the breakfast is quite good. 
Very clean, comfortable and well located for the train station and connections into central Paris, Lovely staff, very comfortable if small room 
The location 
Amazing staying in central London, 5 minutes walking from Trafalgar Square and few steps from the beautiful Savoy theater, I saw the musical dreamgirls 
They did have a universal adaptor, which I went down to collect from reception. There was no offer to send it up Shower room, clean 
Comfortable room 
The location is perfect, 
Hotel was next to metro station 
Large room Front desk was so friendly and accommodating and helpful Location is excellent. To explore Paris on foot Access to printer was handy. 
The location was great, 
Very friendly, clean and comfortable 
Very well located hotel, boutique hotel. If you are familiar with the cold bussiness environment, where people even don't look to you. This is your hotel. If you are looking for a warm hotel where you can feel the people forget it, The staff is very nice good concergerie. I would put more enphasys in the arrangement and quality of the activities that the concergies organice, In my case, through booking, I made a couple of requests and they were not excellent, as I expected for this kind of hotel examples bouquette of roses with an inscription as It was my wedding anniversary, the roses were old and not very elegant, and the inscription that I requested to put I with the flowers was forgotten Really a pity. 2. We arranged a guide with the concergie to take us around in Paris with a chronological trip. As said, we needed a very simple but nice journey, as it was the first time of my partner in Paris above the cost of the arrangement that was exaggerated. I was expecting even a super special and well prepared person. The trip was, as I say, correct. Let'S leave it like this. My knowledge of the city and historical background was, I think, better. We repeated the tour with one of the guys that makes free tours and it was much much better and professional All the respect for the guide Sophie. She was amazing as person, but she didn't perform as well as we expected for the price 390. 
Great breakfast and the service of the guy handling the breakfast room was excellent. The location is very good and also the metro station. St augustin is very close. 
Comfortable bed 
Breakfast was good rooms; ok, 
Breakfast was good rooms; ok, 
Bed was very comfortable and under bed storage, fantastic Barista in the morning excellent service and coffee. 
Excellent location, beautiful hotel, 
Great location, easy walking, distance to metro taxi stand right outside Room was beautiful, Amazing, breakfast Very attentive and lovely staff, always going out of their way to ensure everything is perfect for their guests. Wonderful stay! Thank you. 
Perfect location in the center of Paris in the latin quarter, Great value for money, Decent room, size, Very quiet, 
There was a fridge and air conditioning Large room for Paris Close to restaurants, metro and shops. 
You get what you pay for. Really Hotel wasn't in greatest location, nor was it the fanciest, but was okay for how much we paid 
Lovely room very clean and accessible Room service and food was perfect Staff. Very welcoming no request was too much and spa facilities beautiful, clean, warm and well maintained. 
Staff and facilities gym bar restaurant Location, 
Hospitality, excellent and accommodation too, if not for the location of the room No5 ground floor, No point in all of this. If you can't sleep because of noise Window blocked out so no view, 
The location is good, 
It is a fair place for a fair price. The restaurant improved a lot Really lovely staff. Breakfast is excellent and I was in Central London in minutes. 
Lovely comfy bed, great breakfast 
Great location Close to metro could get anywhere without hassel 
It was extremely close to the underground station, which was handy and only one stop away from the train station, which was handy as we were getting the train to our next destination. 
Ok, 
The location 
We made a mistake in the original order and eventough it wasn't a refundable deal. The hotel staff were amazing and did amend the reservation and refunded us. The last night. 
Huge bed, excellent bathroom lovely pool staff very helpful with sick child during the night Breakfast good choice and quality Next to Peripherique, but surprisingly, quiet 
Breakfasts 
Very conveniently placed Nice staff, Good quality furnishings Prosecco on check in 
Everything was fantastic From check in breakfast, and the room was quite spacious for 4 of us feel homy throughout the stay. 
Location Very close to the station 
Good concierge service attention to detail such as champagne sent to the room as we were celebrating 
Fantastic staff, Tasty breakfast Great location, 
Perfect location, close to public transport, restaurants, cafes and 5, 10 minute walk to the London Eye. 
Food was good. Waiters and bar staff were excellent Liked that it was non smoking Very close to lambeth station and bus stops. Hotel is new and really nice inside 
This place is heaven The staff were so wonderful. The atmosphere was amazing and it was totally awesome. 
It was clean and the staff was friendly, 
The location of hotel is convenient for all activities except the distance, just wet the bottom of the glass for subway stations. 
Everything about the room was great, shower was lovely, bed was comfy and view of the Eiffel Tower from the window was beautiful, Only 22 from Gare Du Nord to the hotel and 18 for the return about 5 10min, walk to Eiffel Tower and 15mins to a large Shopping centre, Room was always clean and staff would always be there to help Supermarket 5 mins away bars and restaurants surrounding and patisserie round the corner. Everything you could need. 
Very nice interior design, 
I, like the interior design, 
Location is really good and the underground is close. Good breakfast Very pleasant staff Liked the old fashioned decor and ambiance 
Room was clean and modern. 
Bed was comfy, room was quite rooftop, had fantastic view. 
Excellent location to rate modern and the river 
Good location, 
The hotel was very close to bus stops and metro stops, as well as some very nice restaurants. 
Location 
Newly renovated, clean and compact location is convenient. 
Everything, as always, 
Great location in the middle of everything, 
Rooms were newly refurbished and spacey Great location next to sights and shopping Best breakfast buffet throughout all my stay in europe. 
Great location, 
Great location, 
Location was pretty good, but I've had better 
Fantastic room: 
The hotel location is great, the breakfast is delicious. I like the hotel reception, the room TV has a package of downloaded movies with multi subtitles. 
Helpful and friendly staff - I arrived late via Eurostar and also had my bike with me. It was no problem to store my bike in the luggage room. The continental breakfast was plentiful. The croissants challenging the French ones. I had been eating the last few days for freshness and taste. The room was clean and very well appointed and I enjoyed a comfortable nights. Sleep 
Close to the train station 
The location was the best part of this hotel, but it wasn't the value we were expecting for our money. 
Hammersmith, interesting and great location between Heathrow Airport and The City 
The helpfulness of staff with any questions We did not have many but witnessed many English travellers with language difficulties and the staff were very helpful to them. 
Everything was amazing, The staff was beyond execellent and the accommodation were amazing. We will be back 
Very friendly staff 
The staff and the location are great, 
Thanks, 
The Location 
The hotel was a hidden gem, the staff were very friendly and the rooms were a good size with a very large comfy bed. 
Efficient Check in no nonsense, hotel, The room and bathroom are well appointed and clean. This is a well maintained, property and very good value for money. Public transport is very close to the hotel, which makes getting around very easy. There is a fantastic bar also on the ground floor. 
Flotte rom stille trivelig personale, samt, n rt, bane tram, 
Close to transport, good breakfast 
Amazing facility, amazing location, very Clean, friendly staff. Breakfast was great, only place. I plan to stay at next time. I am in the same area of Vienna. 
The only good thing was the location which, however, was not so close to the center 
We asked to change rooms for one double bed instead of two single pushed together and they did it right away. 
The reception staff were lovely and very helpful and attentive and answered all ur questions efficiently. The breakfasts included with the booking were excellent. 
The hotel is based in the center of Vienna and walking street shops. Sightseeings are just nearby. The lady on reception was nice hospital and answered all our queries regarding our stay. We will definitely consider to choose this hotel next time. 
It was excellent. 
Bed was comfortable, Shower was hot and clean Check out was fast. 
Excellent area for visiting the museum, quarter, 9 streets area and alll of the main must see sites Staff were very friendly and helpful, Close to tram, stop into city 
Hotel staff saw my partners birthday cards and brought a bottle of champagne on the house to our room. Very nice touch Highly recommend all round. 
The hotel, located in very good place, few minute to catalonia square and la rambla street All shoping bus station reaturant, were near the hotel. Hotel was very clean. 
Small rooms for family 
Great staff Concierge was amazing. Restaurant had some of the best dishes i have ever tried. We had a late flight so even though we checked out hotel allowed us to use the pool and even organised a room for us to have a shower in and get ready before, leaving for the airport, Highly recommended. 
Near by beaches, marina and restaurants, 
Everything 
Fantastic location with Clot Metro station just around the corner Room was clean, cool and comfortable, Fantastic shower bathroom facilities and a comfy bed at night. Unfortunately, we were next to a room of younger visitors who were happy to make as much noise as possible during all hours of the night. However, we cannot praise the hotel staff enough for dealing with this issue promptly and professionally. 
As you enter reception, you are struck by the cool spa like aroma and tranquility of the spacious area. Staff were fab, Breakfast choices, the biggest I've ever seen: hot cold, cereals, meats, cheeses, eggs, fruit, breads and more catering, also for special diets. The room was spacious and bed very comfortable. The spa was indulgent. 
Nothing 
Spa staff friendly food cleanliness, 
Modern clean 
Wewere, going on to a cruise and the location relative to the port was convenient. 
Good breakfast and location near old town Third stay there. 
The huge bed and the mirror behind 
Good hotel, 
Staff was extremely nice and accommodating The premises were kept in the state of immaculate cleanliness. Everything was top. Notch Would definitely stay here again. 
Great location, opposite Kings, Cross station, Great access to the rest of London via tube 
The huge bath and walk in shower were fab. Nespresso machine in the room was very welcome and the bed was extremely comfortable. The location as part of the De Hallen development was a huge plus. It was great having the food market next door and, as a solo traveller, it was the perfect place to go in the evenings. 
They told us we were upgraded to a better room turned out. The room was right next to a staff room Very unlucky. The noise was incredibly loud, especially from early morning very disappointed. 
The hotel is really nice, the staff were so nice welcoming and helpful and efficient. It was great loved. It 
Great Location, 
Staff was amazing, Location was also great 
The bed was very firm, but I liked it like that and they were a good size. They were also separated into two beds. 
Location breakfast and Laura from the front desk was extra friendly, 
Cozy rooms, nice staff, a lovely hotel in the downtown, The rooftop bar - is very crowded in the evening. Nice encounters 
Breakfast proximity of Tube 
The hotel was beautiful and the staff extremely friendly and helpful. The views from the hotel were incredible. Gorgeous pool area with very comfortable sun, loungers and towels, provided by hotel, Excellent gym facilities and Spa Rooms very clean and comfortable Bathroom immaculate and supplied with l, Occitane goodies. 
Very helpful young man and woman at the check in desk 
Quiet location and very comfortable rooms, Walking distance to public transport or about a 20 minute walk to the Cutty Sark. The staff were very courteous, friendly and efficient. Breakfast was a wide choice of food to suit all nationalities. 
Wonderful stay great breakfast and warm friendly staff. 
Recently, updated and refurbished rooms 
We loved our stay at the Chasse Hotel After a disastrous experience at a different place we had booked arriving at the Chasse was a welcome relief. Our room was gorgeous Comfy bed incredibly clean and a lovely balcony leading off our room. The staff were very friendly and helpful too 
Very comfortable bed, great shower friendly staff, Good location in a quiet area; 
It was really a clean hotel with nice stuff 
The aircon worked very well and was not too noisy. The staff was always nice and ready to solve any issue or offer advise Wifi worked very well everywhere in the location. Everything was very clean. Location is fairly centric. At 10 20 min walking distance of the most centric places in Barcelona. 
Nice breakfast Close to restaurants and shopping, but not in the centre. 
It was clean, 
Nice place and location, good personnel 
I liked everything 
Excellent hotel worth a lot more than I paid late July 2017 must have been low season Friendly and efficient staff, excellent, decor and well appointed rooms, ultra fast wi, fi everything you need for a great stay. This was my first time at this hotel, but it won't be the last It's in the north west part of Milan about 10 minutes by taxi to the Central Station. 
Staff were all very pleasant, especially Beatrice on reception and James in the bar 
The location is excellent, The breakfast is better than what is offered by other hotels, 
Every things was perfect, like it 
Very close to Central Station Nice area to start your day from Lots on your doorstep. 
Very comfortable bed and a great location 
Great location across from central station 
The location and helpfulness of the staff 
The room was clean and well equipped. The bath was lovely, hot and perfect to soak in Great necessities. In bathroom The room was well organised. The bed was lovely and comfy 
Amazing room crazy, comfortable, I loved the bathroom design, the shower was magic and the colours are wonderful liked. A lot. The coffee and tea machine. 
Room is nice. There is a huge bed, nice area near the window to relax with a cup of coffee, btw Nespresso coffee machine is in the room and the capsules are refilled daily Food in the restaurant is good. Prices are slightly above average. Metro station is just 400 meters away, and a railway station which can take you to the airport, is in 700 meters. 
Luxuriously furnished Comfortable beds and warm feeling decoration, 
We were thete for a week. It was very comfortable and private. The staff was friendly and helpful. Also, the tram number 2 stops right outside the hotel and is very frequent, A perfect place to stay if you're planning a trip to Amsterdam. 
Family room great with bunk bed and nicely Separated main bed 
The personnel during breakfast were some of the nicest I've met. They couldn't do enough for you Excellent range of options. At breakfast, The hotel could not have been more central, and, despite that, the cost was very reasonable and the area was very quiet at night. 
Smiling staff 
Location 
The hotel is wonderful, It is a beautiful restoration of a historic property. Every room and public space is lovely. The included breakfast was bountiful and delicious. We ate in the restaurant one night and thought it was excellent, as was the service Having the train station right. There made travel around the city, so easy Would definitely recommend 
Vienna is a city which always gives great pleasure Hotel Guesthouse Vienna is a real city jewel. It'S location on a quiet street is perfect. There'S a cozy restaurant with a small outdoor terrace on the first floor and they offer fresh oysters every Saturday and Sunday Hotel staff is professional and friendly Deluxe Double Room is a spacious, bright room with 3 windows which offer gorgeous view on Albertina and State Opera. Besides regular fridge, the room was equipped with a small wine fridge with 4 bottles of great Austrian wine. Wine fridge was restocked daily Coming home after a walk around Vienna. How good it is to drink a couple of glasses of refreshing Gr, ner Veltliner glancing over the evening city Hotel, The Guesthouse Vienna is definitely a place. You want to return to 
Quiet Comfortable room Staff extremely helpful, Delicious breakfast Short, walk to public transportation Felt very safe. 
Good value for money, Great location near the Duomo heart of downtown Milano, Access to TV stations with many languages, Friendly staff, 
Great location, nearby, Duomo, Clean and spacious rooms and friendly staff 
Second, stay, and we would stay here again and again Centrally located near the Sagrada Familia Gracia and the L Eixample areas, Fantastic food within walking, distance, Close to buses and trains And the roof top dipping pool is a nice way to cool off. After exploring all day. Wonderful hotel, 
The hotel staff were lovely and very friendly, the rooms spotless and the beds very comfortable 
Convenient and quiet location, 
The location is very good: The room and the bathroom big and very clean The beds very comfy 
Location was amazing, staff were friendly, 
Good breakfast and a great location Close to the sitt center Close to public transportation. 
Staff friendly approach, though not sufficiently qualified, 
The beds are huge and very comfortable. The breakfast eggs omelettes are freshly cooked by the chef to your liking. The staff are really helpful, friendly and speak good English. The hotel is so Central and within walking distance of some excellent small restaurants, as well as having its own, really good. Hotel restaurant 
Comfy bed, nice bar lounge great shower 
Incredible location, don't think twice: 
Room design Parquet floor Shower Near Supermarket and Metro lines: 4 6 
Clean but room is small. 
Very clean smelt: amazing, when you walk in Staff very helpful, huge thanks to Zola, who was a true gent and helped me order a delivery pizza. One night, 
The location is great and the room that we got was very big. 
You have to improve your services to meet the guestes requirements. Im really upset from your services. I did not expect that at all. Even my freinds Thanks 
During my recent trip to The Netherlands, my stay at the Westcord Fashion, Hotel was by far the best. It was well priced, great facilities, comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location is convenient despite being out of central Amsterdam, and the breakfast was excellent. Definitely stay again: 
We liked everything Excellent service, 
Excellent location and breakfast 
Everything espscially the location and the overall price 
The bed was very large and comfortable, even though we were staying in the most basic room Would have loved to have had a coffee, maker or hot water boiler in the room, but very much appreciated the wine glasses and mini fridge. 
Food was better than expected, and service were very good. 
Good breakfast 
Evcellent un every way, 
Front desk was very accommodating and location. Great 
Friendly helpful staff 
Comfy beds, nice bar lovely staff boat into city centre, 
The location itself is pretty good about 20 minutes away from the airport by public transport and 25 minutes away from Central by tram. It'S a really nice hotel looks quite modern. Has a welcoming environment by all the staff very clean and tidy rooms Would definitely recommend to anyone. 
Everything 
The location of the hotel is in a nice neighbourhood with charming, cafes and good local food nearby. There is a theatre down the street too. The staff were helpful and gave us good recommendations on what to eat. The exterior of the hotel has an old school charm. I reckon was an old hotel that has been refurbished. 
Its a really good property And hood rooms, Nice location, Would recommend for couples and family if you are looking for a luxury stay. 
The rooms were beautifully presented, 
I was in Barcelona to celebrate the birth on my first Granddaughter, who was born in a local hospital and is now living in the area. Eva enjoyed her first dinner at 5 days old in the hotel roof top restaurant, where the staff made her very welcome. The graffiti style decoration gives the atmosphere of a boutique hotel, which is very appropriate to such a beautiful city. The hotel had clearly read the comments I made when I booked, which I appreciated The discreet manner in which the roof top restaurant staff dealt with a guest who had clearly had too much too drink. 
The staff were extremely friendly, The hotel has it's original style During our stay, we feel as visiting our good friends. Breakfasts were very special and lovely Room was spacious, pleasant and clean. 
Great location Rooms are much bigger than other similar hotels Staff are really nice and friendly. 
View from the room, Perfect spot inner city for food, sights shopping, Etc. 
Location friendly staff, ambiance 
Staff really helpful and friendly 
Very well located close to museums, city center and restaurants. 
Excellent location, Good value, 4, Star hotel, Nice, complimentary, chocolates, sweets and water; Great breakfast 
The staff was so friendly and helpful. They really made me feel very pampered. There were dozens of great restaurants and shops close by, but I almost didn't want to leave the hotel. It was simply put one of the best hotel experiences. I'Ve ever had 
Good rates 
We loved the staff and the proximity of the property to everything. 
Bed was amazingly comfortable. 
Its easy to find if you live outside of London and your traveling to wembley as its about 2 minutes walk the hotel, Its very clean and the staff on the front desk are helpful. 
The food was excellent, as were all staff, both in dining room and other front, desk, etc. Location was great in relation to Hyde Park, West End and other tourist locations. It was nice to have breakfast in the dining room and look straight across to gardens. 
Room was clean, breakfast and location were good. 
Location and loby and nice breakfast 
Location next to Hyde Park, 
The location was perfect, the beds were comfy, the staff was very kind 
Modern room, Comfortable bed, Great breakfast 
Location staff 
Great location in la ramblas and friendly staff, I, like the modern furniture 
Excellent access to metro, tram and bus stops Some good shops available close by as well 
Excellent breakfast and a large diner Great views from our eighth floor room. The transport system was just out the door so caught trams and buses to the main attractions on a hour pass. We purchased from the hotel cheap way to travel. 
Great location, Very friendly staff Will stay again. 
Perfect location, 
Great staff, great room - they gave me an upgrade with nice view on a park. 
Breakfast mm delicious: Overall we got a good value deal for our money. Room was clean and bigger than expected. 
Thw room was basic but clean and comfortable 
Trendy hotel in an area with sights to see nearby Restaurants, shops and supermarket within 100 metres Near airport bus drop off pick up location Near other public transport. Great staff on front desk always giving great advice of what to see Barcelona was the highlight of our European trip in regards to hotel matching what the Booking com description stated. It would be, Can not fault this hotel. 
Nice Hotel, good personal and very friendly close to mall 
Very convenient to get to from the airport Train direct to Barcelona saints and you just walk outside 
Location 
Convenient for the train station, The roof bar 
Lovely room 
Breakfast was excellent: decor delightful, 
The breakfast was various and very good. The cleaning of the room was excellent. The beds were very comfortable. The staff were very polite. 
The staff were amazing, 
Location is good for shoppers. The staff is attentive, polite and friendly 
Great location, clean and spacious rooms nice place to stay in GREAT Breakfast, 
Location, cleanliness, Overall room and hotel cleanliness, 
Everything was perfect room bathroom new and nice. Breakfast was rich staff, very nice, very easy to get to from metro station Westbahnhof 
Clean room, easy excess to public transport; 
Amazing hotel, if you have kids Play area kept my daughter entertained, There was a clown making balloon animals and large bubbles. We loved it here. 
The property was clean, 
The room was very comfortable and the smoking patio was very nice. The staff was open and helpful. 
Outstanding service at front desk, 
Nice hotel with great swimming piol 
Beautiful accommodation, Lovely pool, Superb district with local shops and reasonable prices. 
The staff and very friendly and helpful the location is perfect away from the main city centre, but easily accessible by public transport couldn't fault. The hotel in anyway would, without a doubt, 100 recommend this hotel 
The room was very comfy and was perfect for a 2 night stay Wish we could have stayed longer. Location is also great, since it is near the station D. 
Great hotel will stay here next trip. 
Stylish hotel, wonderful breakfast but needs time very good. Restaurant 
Perfect location, great restaurant, amazingly friendly staff, 
Location is perfect, Very friendly staff and amazing food 
Confortable bed 
The extras in the room and the hot chocolate 
I, like the hotel, I stayed before in it it excellent location. My room was quite, I love the location. 
The cost performance is one of the best in accordance with my experience, traveled all over the world for this 40 yeras 
Really quirky hotel themed around its previous days as a printery, Very handy location, with lots of cafes and transport nearby. Our room, not at the front of the hotel, was very quiet Loved it 
The location was great, The room was big enough and the bed was really comfortable. 
Location, perfect Staff very friendly and helpful Can't fault this hotel 
Gorgeous room with a view over Hyde Park, Location was outstanding, Great bathroom, All so comfortable. 
Brand name: 
Stellar breakfast, The best we have ever had in any hotel A nice room with a view Stable internet and Wifi services, Modern rooms, 
Great breakfast comfortable beds, nice views from window 
Staff is very friendly and helpfull 
King bed, in room 312 very comfortable, Could not hear air traffic at all Hotel shuttle. Bus to airport 10 min trip very good Spacious, hotel, restaurant, good cooking with indoor and outdoor seating. Beside a small, pleasant, green space To get in out of Amsterdam red city bus 197 picked us up at a stop on the street. The hotel was on an easy 10 min walk away, Rode in to Leidesplein for 5 euros for 2 riders, but why 10 euros for 2 to get back to the hotel? 
Gym Comfy bed, Nice staff, 
Second time in this hotel and most likely to come back Close to city center, Central Station and Nemo, but in a quiet neighborhood, The bathroom is huge. 
Brilliant location, close to metro and walking distance to the rambla, We got a relatively spacious room. Water bottles were provided daily, Great breakfast buffet 
The room was very spacious, modern, with good Aircon and a lovely walk in bathroom Metro is 5 minutes away and taxis are just outside. Breakfast is nice, with fresh food, constantly rotated Room service were very polite and efficient 
The staff is awesome, Rooms are big and clean. 
The location was excellent as it near the city centre and acsseible from the main road staffs were very helpful and friendly family friendly hotel, very clean and comfortable rooms. Big sizes, especially the suits nice balcony with park view 
Location, Excellent customer service Friendly and helpful staff 
Staff were friendly, chatty and had a great knowledge of local activities and suggestions. 
Beautiful furnished rooms and hotels, amazing services, free mini bar, they didn't charge us for ordering twice baby milk, so helpful with everything Classy hotel, 
Clean extremely comfortable bed, great view of the sea, Friendly staff and a very quick walk to the beach. We were both really sad to leave. 
This was my second visit to Duquesa de Cardona. I love this hotel. The location is excellent. The bedding is very soft. The terrace is gorgeous. The staff are very welcoming On this visit. I was greeted by a complimentary bottle of cava. In my room, I have already recommended this hotel to friends and family 
The best hotel of our trip to Europe, The location, food and cleanliness are all amazing, but the staff make this place perfect Right from arrival. We had a very personal experience with the staff and they all felt, like friends, Great recommendations and excellent views service from the rooftop. Thank you for such a great stay. I can't recommend this hotel enough. 
The location was perfect for a short break, literally on door, step to train to airport and walking distance to most things, The staff were fantastic and really helpful nice to have mid afternoon drinks and pastries available too Great city to visit on short, stay. 
The hotel was lovely, The pool was great to relax after sight, seeing and our 12 year old loved it. There was a bar selling drinks and snacks and a shaded chill out area. I would highly recommend this hotel as great location to get about the city staff. Very friendly, we had a triple room and room was spacious, with very comfortable beds and a lovely bathroom with bath and separate shower. 
I liked the homemade waffles they had a blowdrier And free coffee all day long 
Very spacious, room very comfortable for family of 5 
The property staff and location all exceeded expectations. I travel globally for work regularly. 
It'S very close to the central rail station transiting travellers to other parts of Italy will like staying here. They were sweet to. Let us keep our bags for 3 days till we come back from Florence. 
Staff were very friendly and helpfull lovely breakfast very comfortable bed. 
Nothing at all, 
Location Breakfast 
The location 
Location 
The location 
The breakfast buffet was beautifully displayed had a fantastic variety and tasted delicious. They also stored our bags for us. The morning we arrived since it was too early for the room to be ready. The room was clean and comfortable. 
Room was comfy, The hotel is very close to the Duomo Roof top bar provided a great view for sunset. Breakfast choices were very good Staff in the breakfast room provided first class service. 
Very close to the Duomo, We were given a beautiful and large room at the front of the hotel, but did not get any sleep due to the screeching of the trams. The hotel moved us to a back room for the second night, which was very quiet. Rooms were very comfortable with great ammenities, Very good breakfast Staff. Very helpful Lots of cafes nearby Go to the top floor, terrace for a spectacular view of Milan. 
Good selection at breakfast and a comfy mattress 
The hotel facility and Ambience was good Room, spacious, Location next to central station and nearby restaurants. The hotel offer a third party parking service for 25 RUR 
Convienient to bus to Malpensa, 
Brand New stylish hotel in an excellent location very close to central station Friendly and helpful staff. 
Excellent valet cleaning services linen and towels fixtures, etc were fab Kind, friendly, helpful staff, Proximity to everything. 
The room, the view, the location, the roof lounge with free beverage and snack the pool 
Location 
Booking com was a bit unclear in terms of rooms selection. We thought that there will be 2 rooms with a balcony, but they told us that the hotel is not possible to join 2 rooms. Otherwise we would have booked only 1 room and pay half 
Great service Breakfast deliver to room was huge, Ordered two for two adults and 2 kids in middle school, and we had food left over. The location was perfect and the staff was beyond helpful. Couldn'T even tell we were on top of the train station, but we easily walked to our train with luggage in the morning. 
Beautifully renovated old bank building fantastic attention to detail loved it all. 
We did not have breakfast as we were not really hungry and there is a set price of 25 euros. They gave us a free upgrade to Suite, which was VERY nice. My husband had a medical problem and they handled that magnificently. Nick the night staff member was superb 
I am biased, as I was upgraded to a suite which had 6 rooms Quite amazing place. I love the Art deco interior. I had two bathrooms one ultra modern, with separate shower and one left in the original green tiles, Wonderful, wood everywhere. I have never seen a hotel, like it, Staff were very helpful. 
Shower gel not replaced windows, don't open! No air con 
The breakfast, the warm food, eggs, bacon, coffee, etc are made to order on your request by the chefs and are superb. The beds in the hotel were great 
Coolest hotel ever Right, across plaza from train station in center of city, makes it super convenient for trams, Double windows, so you can make it quiet. They serve you a delicious breakfast from a menu e g eggs benedict, which is included. 
We loved the look of the hotel very stylish and artistic Rooms were absolutely stunning finished to high standard and were spacious. Train station was just across the road close proximity to attractions. However, if you wanted to go to the quieter districts which we did, such as Jordaan and De Pijp, these were only a 20 minute walk away. Here, you could sit out at a cafe and watch the world pass you by 
The location is great, The staff is very friendly and helpful. 
Outstanding location, beautiful decor and friendly staff, 
Great stay: 
Kids enjoyed iPad control of lights and TV 
Bed is big and really comfortable Staff is fantastic, Breakfast was delicious, Cable, tv, wifi and more facilities were outstanding. We even stayed in a whole day. Room is quiet, Walking, distance to the tram Great lobby with good bar and amazing. They have computers, printers and so much more to your service. 
I loved the mood lighting in the room and free movies to watch 
Big comfy beds, Best staff, perfect location from the city, 
Friendly helpful staff Comfy beds Nothing too much trouble. 
Very clean and modern 
The room was fairly basic, but considering the value and location it was more than enough. We were really only sleeping there. We didn't spend much time in the hotel. The bathroom was small, but it was clean, Solid wifi for the time we did spend there too. 
Excellent breakfast 
So close to everything, staff was nice and very helpful. 
I'D like the location, only 
Clean and comfortable room, Everything is perfect. The hotel offers lemon mint water and biscuits next to reception, which is very thoughtful. 
Excellent staff Very good bar Quality room 
Everthing 
The rooms were a generous size and well equipped. There were toothbrushes and razors, along with the hairdryer, gowns slippers, etc. The bar on the top was fun with friendly staff serving good food and drinks. Also, the gym and sauna were a nice added bonus. 
Hotel was so central to restaurants, bars local attractions, metro plus Sagrada familia 
Helpfull personel good restaurant a place to enjoy again 
The customer service, especially Elizabeth, were really helpful. 
The hotel facilities meet all standards that it should have 
Excellent location in the heart of Vienna, Friendly staff, tasty breakfast Very nice rooftop bar with a stunning view of the city center 
I had a really big, very nice and comfortable room with a big bath room. The personal was very helpful all the time The metro station is in the near, so I could reach everything easy. The sea is in 10 minutes walking. 
The room was very clean. We had a great experience with the front desk personnel 
Lovely hotel 100 metres from La Ramblas Friendly, helpful staff, Very comfortable beds, Rooftop terrace, with a bar pool, Walking distance to Port Vell and Barcelonetta beach area. 
Lovely comfy beds, 
Breakfast good value: 
High Street Kensington access to transport 
All good 
The room was very comfortable, furnishing was first class 
The hotel is very clean and the location is just perfect and close to all city attractions. 
Everything Definitely the place to stay in Viena All perfect. We will come back for sure. We were on a trip around Europe with 8 countries and more than 10 cities, and this was the best hotel of all 
Spacious, bathroom Great breakfast, 
Front desk staff 
Great location, Amazing, breakfast relaxing atmosphere, 
Comfortable room small but perfectly formed great shower and well designed bathroom nice, breakfasts and excellent staff. 
Lovely people balcony overlooking river 
Excellent staff and location lots of places of interest to visit. We really enjoyed the Ice Bar 
Love how close it is to the hbh And the coffee center on each of the first 6 floors. 
The room was clean and adequate hotel staff. Polite 
The staff was always lovely and very helpful. They have been very considerate and left baloons, etc. As it was my hubby's birthday, It was lovely and put a smile on our faces. The hotel itself was great Had all the facilities we needed. Top terrace was amazing. I definitely would recommend this hotel 
Home away from home, 
Would like to see more equipment, inc, free weights, 
Location friendly and helpful staff 
Lovely hotel, very friendly and welcoming staff - It was the third NH hotel during our trip I admire Everywhere, was organized at the highest level. Thank you. 
Good breakfast choices Within walking distance of major museums, restaurants, 
Wonderful room very spacious by London standards; Very tasty breakfast, although not cheap, Awesome location right in the heart of all the action. 
Everything, especially breakfast 
Great location, Beautiful, just as i had hoped, Such a gorgeous breakfast setting 
The breakfast is good, 
Nice staff, great location, very good, wi fi for a hotel, 
Excellent location, Very clean rooms, Delicious breakfast, including local food, Smart industrial design, A very good option for a city break in the middle off the town. 
The hotel staff were amazing, they could not have been more friendly or welcoming without being pushy. The arrival drinks and bar vouchers were a really nice touch. I would recommend the white wine. The location of this hotel is perfect, So easy to walk around the city, but also right next to the metro to get to the beach Hundreds of great bars and restaurants nearby to suit all price ranges: yummy crepes, 2 minutes down the road and within 10minutes you Can be on La Rambla, DO was extra special with delicious food for our anniversary meal. Barcelona has something for everyone: food, art, culture, watersports nightlife and this hotel makes it SO easy to find what you're looking for It is part of the H10 chain. But it feels like an independent, because the staff are so personable and invested in you having a good stay. 
Nice place but far away from public transports. 
Weather was too hot and AC in the room was terrible. 
Great location, fantastic breakfast 
Hotel staff were very efficient Rooms were very clean. Breakfast was excellent, with a very good choice of foods. 
Fab alround Staff, the place itself, breakfast etc. 
Nice place and nice service 
Room very comfy, 
Personnel Breakfast was good and varied, Possibility to order food and drinks in the evening. 
It'S okay, when you travel by car but too far from the nearest metro station, Probably there's another way to reach the city center. But the receptionist suggested us to go by metro Taxi from Navigli where we had aperitivo cost us 20 euros. So I guess would be the same if we booked something in Navigli and just got paid parking there. 
Best, you can get for the money, its very nice Hotel, 
Location 
Good well maintained clean hotel, 
Very accommodating when we asked to move room after 1 day as we preferred a lower floor. Originally 12th We had a small studio, Very good and clean 
Modern and comfortable room Close to train station 
It was very clean Staff is very friendly and helpful Location is great. 
Very clean, extremely quite even if it was very close to center perfectly located All is all very good. A recommendation is to book the newer superior room, as they are not that much more expensive. 
Beds: extra comfy Noise, insulated windows, Incredible air conditioning, Excellent WiFi, Good and cheap hotel, restaurant Bery, clean 
Great location, Very convenient for leisurely walks to tourist attractions, shopping and good food. Good breakfast 
Location very close to the train train station 
Excellent information by reception, speaking English, proficiently on how to get to the city centre Easy access to centre of Milan by catching the hotel transport to San Siro, underground station and thereafter underground trains cost only 1 50. One way: Hotel great value for money as city centre, hotels, extremely expensive, Secure car parking on site for 8 a day, although reviews suggest otherwise Perhaps different when it's a Milan football match. Breakfast was good, although very busy. Beware of mosquitoes, especially waiting at night time by San Siro underground for the hotel transport, maybe unusual for this time of year, but bitten a lot. 
Breakfast was included great value for money. 
Breakfast was good and delicious. Our room was clean and comfortable. 
Cleanliness, comfort of rooms and quality of food at breakfast Personal touch and welcome greeting on behalf of our Anniversary break 
Loved the roof top bar. Sadly, we didn't get to use the pool because we only stayed one night and it was closed by the time we arrived. The bed was super comfy and the buffet breakfast was delicious. A fabulous stay. 
Loved the ambience, the warmth and friendliness of staff Helped me with my tourism planning, giving ideas for dining or shopping Very kind, showing typical nh hospitality. 
Clean modern room, size, 2 minutes for metro station reception staff are good. 
Nice hotel, Good Service, not bad location, will come again. 
Right in the city's center 20 meters from the Duomo di Milano, 
When we arrived by car, we were exhausted. The receptionists at the front desk saw our exhaustion and gave us an upgraded room with a king sized bed and a patio and beautiful bath parked our car for us and prepared us sandwiches in the breakfast area. 11. 00. P'M, We have never been in a hotel in the U S in which the staff was so kind and comforting for my husband and me 
Great location, great service room was very clean. 
Fantastic breakfast very friendly and helpful staff. 
Very convenient location, but still quiet aspect in room. We loved the standard of the room, the helpful and accomodating staff and the delightful breakfast room. 
Clean 
Great location for Central Train station 
Good for one night stay if essential in this price: Euro 100. 
I liked it accommodates with parking lot for free. The bed was very big and neat. I loved its breakfast. It takes 12 mins to Duomo by Metro, but it does not really matter. 
The location 
The room very good and the shower nice, The air conditioner very nice - also Breakfast great and fresh 
Frindly staff, Good location, Cleanym rooms, Good breakfast 
Room was comfortable with a nice balcony. 
Breakfast 
The hotel is great 
The warm and friendly service 
Location was convenient to public transportation. Hotel was nicely decorated and very clean and comfortable 
Staff was very friendly and helpful. The location close to the Railway Station Milan Centrale 3 min walk. The bathroom was very clean and beautiful. The hotel is very modern and cool Breakfast was amazing. 
It was well located an easy walk to everything. There were a lot of good cafes and restaurants, and the shopping was great. 
Ideal location Very friendly reception, lady, Authentic 
Very easy to find Near the center by metro, Very clean, Good breakfast good surrondings 
Friendly staff, The drinks on the bar in the lobby are good. Ask for signature. Drink Has a corporate feel 
Location was very good. 
It was very accommodating of the staff to allow us to order takeaway and eat it in the lounge. While we played scrabble at 1am after we got back from the O2 
Close to restaurants and tube station 
Good location, 
John and weislava at the desk were very helpful. Rooms were a nice size, TVs were nice quality, location, very central, 
The location was excellent: 
Very modern and clean hotel They have bikes for hire which makes getting around the city easy. Plus. The metro is super close 
Clen room a lot of space, comfy bad, clean bathroom and shower very close to train station. Very nice decoration, coffee, machine 2, water bottles every day, clean, towels, everyday 
Excelent hotel with a great staff, Also great wifi and public areas, to work and chill 
Everything was good and breakfast was so delicious. This hotel is recommended 
The big room 
I am so angry that i made this post available via all possible sites. I use when planing my trips, so no one will make the mistake of booking this place. I made my booking via booking com. We stayed for 6 nights in this hotel from 11 to 17 July. Upon arrival, we were placed in a small room on the 2nd floor of the hotel. It turned out that this was not the room we booked. I had specially reserved the 2 level duplex room so that we would have a big windows and high ceilings. The room itself was ok, if you don't mind the broken window, that cannot be closed, hello rain and a mini fridge that contained some sort of a bio weapon. At least i guessed so by the smell of it. I intimately asked to change the room and after explaining 2 times that i booked a duplex btw, it costs the same as a simple double, but got way more volume due to the high ceiling was offered a room, but only the next day. So i had to check out the next day before 11'o clock in order to get the room, i waned to Not the best way to begin your holiday, So we had to wait till 13 00 in order to check in my new room what a wonderful waist Of my time, The room 023 i got was just as i wanted to peaceful internal garden view big window. We were tired from waiting the room, so we placed our belongings and rushed to the city. In the evening. It turned out that there was a constant noise in the room. I guess it was made by vibrating vent tubes or something it was constant and annoying as hell, AND it did not stop even at 2 am making it hard to fall asleep. For me and my wife, I have an audio recording that i cannot attach here, but if you want, i can send it via e mail. The next day the technician came but was not able to determine the cause of the disturbing sound. So i was offered to change the room once again: the hotel was fully booked and they had only 1 room left, the one that was smaller but seems newer. 
Really nothing negative to say about this hotel 
Nothing 
I believe daily rate differentials should be advised to customers, not after the fact 
The wet room 
We would recommend a local area map with facilities in walking distance 
Breakfast little disappointing: if you wanted fried egg etc, you needed to pay extra strange. 
Extra bed was the worst breakfast queue was really terrible. It'S easy to tell people to come at a specific time, though you have to arrange it. Somehow Parking is far away and hard to come back because of road diversions. 
Bathrooms clean but could do with a bit of TLC 
The bar is terrible, 
As I said, the coffee maker didn't work Apart from that, I loved it. 
Room to small, which was difficult to navigate with 2 large suitcases. Our room wasn't made up till about 4 30 in the afternoon, even though we had been out for at least four hours earlier in the day. 
The bedroom itself, I found a bit small 
Rooms are small, 
The bar closed to early 
The room is toooo small for 2 people. 
Nothing 
Everything 
Fairly bland business hotel, but excellent value and location 
No facilities at all in the room, almost unbelievable, no kettle even 
The room is so small, It is not like in the picture, However, we are used with rooms in Paris. The elevator stops at the middle of 2 floors, so you have to walk up or down to access your room. It is quite strange with us: 
The pillows, where a bit hard 
Being over charged and them telling me, I wasn't telling the truth, then rang my bank and they said 2 different payments have been taken out, one for the room rate 225 and then an extra 325. Then suddenly they said it's come up on there system, saying they charged me twice And all they could off what 25 of what a joke Very disappointed. 
Lack of window dressing in the bathroom felt a bit weird Had a piece of opaque glass which covered 80 of the window, but didn't feel that comfortable having a shower so put a towel over the other part of the window. 
Rooms weren't ready and took ages to sort out staff weren't that helpful and took ages to speak to a manager. 
A typical Classic boring hotel All Functional but No character. 
The rooms are just a tad small, the only downgrade I could find, But really it's an older building, probably 19th century. That'S been upgraded and modernized nicely. 
The wait for room service 
Rooms very small and dark and quite noisy in the evenings when trying to sleep, bring earplugs 
Nothing 
Nothing 
The hotel needs an upgrade as bathroom was very dated and not clean Beds are very uncomfortable and the sofa bed is just terrible. All theee of us had backache. After only one night sleep there 4star for this hotel is definitely overrating, Definitely not worth the money paid. 
Breakfast was very disappointing. Orange segments had gone off fruit, mushy eggs dry, Decided to eat out on 2nd day. 
Scaffolding up which was not informed about and no view from bedroom window 
No hot water for shower on the morning of my departure Person at the Front desk was not concerned about this issue. 
Nothing 
My room wasn't ready until close to 5pm and we had arrived around noon and had asked for early check in so that was disappointing. Check in time was 3pm. 
They completely missed doing room service on Sun. We got back so late, we didn't call about it. 
Quite narrow double bed made it necessary to share it with child instead of husband. Otherwise, everything was fine. 
We had a family room with an extra bed. The mattress was pure springs and went to complain, and they did nothing until we got back in the evening and complained again. They also forgot to tidy our room. 
No Porter No security at entrance at ground floor, so any one can enter the hotel property dangerous because reception at first floor, Furnature, outdated and full is scratches. Bathroom very old design and bad smell room carpet is very old and full of stains overrated, hotel, bad manners and attitude from the Asian porter breakfast with v limited varieties suitable For foreigners, but not for Arabic, ppl for sure and too much expensive 18 person Pictures in Booking com not same as reallity Bad experience in this hotel, I will not return back ever 
My partner was full of cold 
Complimentary water was only given on day 1. I was there for around 4 5 days. 
Can'T think of anything negative to say Very good experience. 
Breakfast could be better, don't like eggs that have been lying around for a while and placemats would be great. It talks about self catering, but you cannot sit and eat you meal in your room. 
Thought the prise of drinks at the bar a little excessive 
Internet connection was terrible and barely worked. Considering this is a hotel and people who travel need access to decent internet. You would assume they would have something better in place. 
Small detail, but no bin in the room that I could fine only a tiny one in the bathroom. Also TV wasn't tuned in that's how new this property is. 
Nothing 
Not enough towels, no water in the room and no water available Very expensive for the amenities provided 
We don't have any view from our room. 
Bed was uncomfortable and pillows. Uncomfortable didn't get much sleep, Not many amenities in the room. 
There was a ticking sound, we couldn't trace, but it was after midnight and we didn't bother the desk. There was scaffolding around the front of the building, which wasn't a problem, just not good for pictures. 
Liked everything would stay there again. 
Breakfast fair 
The neighbourhood could be a bit dirty and sketchy at night. 
Breakfast, an absolute rip off The fruit juices and milk were not kept chilled and the toaster took an age. The cooked element of the meal is usually the highlight. I had bacon, mushrooms beans and scrambled egg. My wife had bacon mixed vegetables and scrambled egg For this standard of hotel. These should have been prepared to order, but the impression was that all the elements had been standing, keeping warm The bacon was overcooked and difficult to cut. The mixed vegetables were soggy and from a tin, as were the mushrooms, The scrambled egg also appeared to have been standing. Keeping warm before serving up This cost us the sum of 18 each 
Concierge they need more men, as it was awkward to have women in high heels, lifting heavy suitcases. 
The room that we were given was directly behind the reception and main entrance and therefore it was quite noisy with people coming in and out and the activities in the reception area. 
Nothing 
Hotel looking worn out 
On checkout, it became obvious that I'd been charged some extra drinks to my room. The gentleman on Reception said he'd, sorted it out and took my card for two payments, room and drinks and valet parking. The receipt showed the same actions. However, my bank account showed that the extra amount for drinks nearly 80 had been taken on my card, even though I hadn't authorised it or presented my card to pay that amount. I'M now in the process of trying to get this refunded And a minor thing, a good selection of gins, but offered with Schweppes. 
Bacon at breakfast was streaky rather than usual back and had to enquire for fried egg 
The BOOKING system was very slow once we got to the place for some reason, the hotel system did not recognize the booking and we had to wait for half an hour to sort it out. The staff said now: the booking system is on itsown, so sometimes it is not recignized by the system. Please fix it since next time it might happen again. 
N, A very happy with stay 
Our room, which was right by the ice machine and all through the night and early morning we were awoken by people getting ice nightmare 
Didn'T get any milk with our tea and coffee in the room? 
The hotel did not allow me to use my HILTON Honors benefits like free WiFi, because I did not book through HILTON Did not give me HILTON Honors Points credit for my one night stay because it was not booked through HILTON To the credit of the manager. He did credit the 12 50 pound WiFi fee after I challenged the charge. To be honest, the condition of the hotel is tired and in need of a makeover, The rooms are small bathrooms. Small and dated the walls are scuffed and the facility is not inviting. I would not stay here again and would not recommend 
Hotel is slightly dated and could do with a make over 
House keeping in general not friendly, not quick, Quality of hair dryer Tv reception, 
Air condition wasn't good 
No AC but overhead fan made July night comfortable, No mini bar, but water in room and full bar downstairs Breakfast available. 
Breakfast is ok, but a bit messy, and not as we are used to Choice is not very great, and the tables with the different items are in different locations, Also not a lot of space. Once we had to sit in a conference room 
Everything'S perfect 
Having to leave 
The bedside lamps only gave light on and above the wall behind them, It was impossible to use them for reading in bed, Coffee facilities not properly arranged in one spot. I e kettle and cups in one location, tea and coffee in another Cord of kettle, so short that one had to crouch down on the floor to plug it in This for people over 80, like us, was most difficult and uncomfortable 
Cab drivers kept taking us the other Hilton just down the road, they say the name keeps changing. 
Location 
Wifi was slow, 
Odd one, but the overwhelming smell of air freshener, both in the main hotel and the room. I get it. You have a spa and use Elemis products, but it was just too overpowering. I'M tech savvy, but the TV is over complicated, make it simpler. 
A little too quiet, 
That I had to leave 
Shape 
Nothing 
Small lift 
There was no bar or coffee place. Breakfast was very poor. 
Could have healthier food options for dinner, Which, besides salads, doesn't leave you with many options? 
The car park was small and unpleasant People with Mercedes and BMWs took over 2 spaces. We were lucky to get a space after driving around about 10 times. 
We weren't told that the only spa facility open was the pool and the sauna, but we had already paid and had to find out ourselves when entering the spa area. 
The guy running the gym, sauna etc was a little officious to the point of being rude. 
Could have free breakfast included as part of the deal 
Shower was not very good. Decor was a bit old fashion, not as elegant as the lobby. 
The hotel is dated and old in need of a refurb 
Check out 
The problem was, I had to pay for my parking. I didn't like that, but otherwise all was OK. 
Nothing 
There are few good choices to eat around this area after office hours, and the WIFI is terrible. The WIFI is via a website that drops out every minute and the capacity is third world and there is no 4G coverage either only 3G on the O2 network. 
Not worth the expensive room rate 
Having the extractor fan in the bathroom going all night was not pleasant. 
None 
More comfortable orthopedic mattress is our personal preference for better sleep. 
The tv picture quality was very poor and the shower water pressure wasn't very strong in my room. 
Initial Room was of a very poor standard with some of the listed facilities missing. 
Disclaimer, I am a sensitive sleeper. We were on a lower floor where I felt the vibrations of the subway, even though it was not too bad, they weren't able to switch the rooms 
The room seemed like a train cabin, Very small bed and bathroom 
The hotel is newly opened, The building is nice, The location is good, They are aiming for a 5 experience but were let down by their general staff, who, whilst friendly, still have no idea what they are doing really 
Rude arrogant, woman who worked at rooftop bar. I now understand that this is separate to the hotel, but no mention of this on booking Lovely sunny afternoon and we had to have a drink by reception, as the hotel bar was full 
Lift very small And had to wait for breakfast, as everyone seemed to be there at same time and weren't enough tables. 
Room was a little bit small 
Nothing 
The room was quite small, and the bed was tiny for my partner and I 
Front of hotel is difficult to identify due to scaffolding as renovations are in progress. Drinks prices are a bit silly e g, A spritzer bottle of water and a coffee pushed my 25 three course evening. Meal bill to 54, including service charge. 
The staff, The hotel itself 
There was nothing that we didn't like about the hotel 
Noise lack of information deposit on check in unfair price 
Double room was very small: there wasn't enough space around the bed for 2 people to get past each other. We found ourselves having to back into corners to ler. The other go by Bathroom was also very small, with barely enough space to sit on the loo. This is OK for a one night stay, but I wouldn't want to stay in a room like this any longer than that. 
Pillows were not comfortable. 
Our first room carpet was wet, so they moved us Bed in second room was really hard. 
The Air conditioner would automaticly turn off The room. Tempreture was too hot. We can't sleep well because we have to wake up to turn on the air conditioner at the midnight. 
Nothing 
Not applicable 
Rooms were in great need, of're fit tatty. Breakfast was ok, nothing special one, member of staff picked a knife up that had fallen to the floor and reused it when resetting another table. 
Price per night simply reflects the area n at Park. Lane Would not pay that tariff for tired and dated facilities anywhere else Unable to open window as screwed shut and mobile air. Con unit made the room even hotter, as the motor was running so long. 
Redecoration of the corridors and rooms is clearly overdue. 
Staff very not welcoming There was no doorman to help with bags or door. They want you to settle upfront, even though you've booked online with a card. The room was dirty and cold. As the window didn't close, The room was very small and smells cigarette. The bathroom very small Everything was wrong and bad service from staff 
The bar staff were useless: The hotel bar shut at 11 15 pm on Monday 31st July. It was meant to be open until 12, 30. After complaining, we were attendend to by a bar girl with crap attitude, who quite obviously didn't want to be there. My advice is, please make her wish come true. Sack her Then complained to duty manager about bar girl. He was useless as well, Won't be going back to this hotel 
The room had a wall 6 inches outside the window. This was not made clear on booking When this was queried. No action was taken by the staff. Also, a 12 5 service charge was added to the cost of breakfast. This was not made clear before we paid when queried the staff said it was stated on the breakfast menu, but we never received. One Breakfast itself was limited in choice of hot food service was poor, definitely not value for money. 
Hi tech, but it doesn't always work. 
The size of the room, 
I liked the breakfast, but I would of preferred it to be less fussy, Normal, baked beans, Keep it simple and traditional 
Breakfast needs to be slightly improved, especially for the non meat eaters 
No coffee tea service in the room, Clear glass door to bath, provided no privacy Breakfast with the room, would hav better justified the cost of the room. Other hotels with similar cost and location did provide breakfast 
Noise Not being told about this when we checked in 
We only stayed for one night, however. We had a member of staff walk into our room at 8. Am I am assuming this was housekeeping, however, since we were checking out in three hours, we saw this as pointless and quite rude. There wasn't a knock or announcement. The staff member just walked in 
Nothing 
Small toilet area, 
No 
The air conditioner was a little noisy 
More places to hang towels 
Wifi didn't work in room. We had to spend time in the lounge if we wanted to get Wifi, Facilities seem to be in need of updating. Airconditioning was not working and in July, Thought that also came up in someone else's prior review. One of the buttons to flush the toilet was not working. The safe was not functioning For the price of the rooms. I would have expected better, not broken. 
Our room was large and more like a one bedroom, which was great, But we were surprised that it was not renovated. Little run down looking and the shower leaked into the bedroom. We called, and they were supposed to fix it, but never did It was clean but needed a face. Lift The hotel lobby was beautiful, so we were surprised by the room. Also, there is no air conditioning anywhere in the hotel. That was shocking and a big problem. 
The staff were unhelpful and when advice was received, we were sent to a very dangerous area which made us felt endangered. 
Never been in such a small room, Unacceptable for a 4 hotel. No more than 50cm around a queen size bed Felt completely cramed in the room. It was difficult to even open our bags. It was unbeliavebly small. I regret not taking pictures to post here. Breakfast was less than medium again unecceptable for a 4 Awful experience Avoid 
Breakfast is a little limited. 
Had a rip in net curtain, but that's just being picky 
Very poor WIFI reception, 
Adored, the hotel, The staff were so lovely and helpful and went the extra mile to make sure we had a lovely stay. I haven't experience service like this before It was amazing. 
No hot water for a bath Room smelt, The whole hotel needs. Refurbishing. Carpets are thirty years. Old Rooms need new basins, painting tiling, Noisy aircon, 
Bed was small and very uncomfortable out, shaped 
I was honestly happy with my tray, but the checkout could have been faster with just an extra person at the counter. 
Unfortunately, there is no quiet, classy restaurant 
Really far away from centre, but I suppose that's why it is cheaper than others and travelling about the city is all part of the experience too. We stayed on a ground floor, room and returned one evening to find two strangers were in the room who promptly jumped out when we walked in Nothing was stolen. I think we caught them just in time, so it was more a strange experience than a frightening one. Paris is not the same as it was just 2 years ago because of the terror threat. 
I asked for accessible rooms. As guests were elderly, My husband was unable to use the shower in our room as it was over a bath. My mother could not work the shower in her room. No instructions. 
All the workers and services are below the standard of the name of the hotel, 
Nothing 
Water pressure is extremely low, cannot enjoy a good shower. The flushing of toilet is not work properly. Aging deco of the room, Extremely small for family 
Rooms and corridors were grotty Water stains on carpet and marks on walls in room Bathroom is tiny and I would rate about 3 stars Not up to Hilton standard and what I would expect for 300 per night. 
Very tiny box room, Overpriced rooms for 260 and had appauling view 
Service 
Staff treatment 
The pool was of limits, as was being cleaned, which was a shame couldn't park outside the property we went in to book in came outside already. There was a parking attendant by my car. Air. Con in room didn't seem to be working. 
Mattress lop sided on one of twin beds in room 653. 
Not included the breakfast 
Nothing really 
1, only very small issue with air conditioning making a buzzing noise, but really nothing as it didn't bother me. 
The fridge should have had something to eat, especially for people who arrive late at night and won't go out again to buy something Also as there's a shower. There should have been two soaps. Moreover, I would strongly recommend stating that there is no hairdryer available just so. You know whether to take it or not, 
The room was smaller than my closet at home, but still cost over 150 
There was no Hair drier in the room. The matters was terrible. I even found a bug in the toilet. 
Had to open window at night as a bit hot, but really not much of an issue. 
Nothing 
Nothing was all good 
Drinks were a bit pricey, but probably normal price for London and the bathroom was a bit on the small side for my liking. 
Room was so small and box, like 
Lack of tea and coffee at breakfast, Coffee machines broken or not working at breakfast 
Bed settee very uncomfortable 
Slow to respond to issues during stay Key card to room will not work. Despite multiple replacement cards, Their Handy, a complimentary hotel hand held cell phone unit was not working In both instances. They said someone was going to address both, but no one came 
The double bed was a little small 
Room service 
Expensive 
Wifi didn't work window blind in the room, didn't work. 
Small breakfast room Put up bed in room as a third adult bed, not acceptable. 
No lift 
The duplex nature of the layout meant that I had to walk down a spiral staircase every time I wanted the toilet during the night. 
Na 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Enjoyed it all 
Dated property, The rooms should be fully refurbished. 
No negative comments: 
The view from the room could have been better 
Rooms and bathrooms far too small, No facilities Nowhere to sit in the evening. 
Children'S breakfast not included 
21 for a standard, full english, Really No better quality than the local weatherspoons for 6, 99. 
Nothing 
We were upgrade to a junior suite, Not sure how small the bathroom is in a standard double room, but I would have traded in the sofa for a larger bathroom 
Beds were very small, as was the lift 
None 
Having to pay for wi fi unheard of these days, Noise from the street property would benefit from better glazing. 
Generally, satisfied 
Bed was uncomfortable, room was very small, could hardly walk between end of bed and side of room. 
Passageways needs uplifting, 
Price 
A bit pricey, but i think this had to do more with the events in Lodon, i e Pride London U2 concert summer. We also booked a bit later than we should have 
Nothing 
The room given had a adjoining door, so I could hear everything next door, including very loud music and a lot of moaning and screaming fro 1 30am to 6 00pm of an intimate nature. The occupants are entitled to that, but my room wasn't fit for purpose. I did complain about the former problem and eventually the music stopped the second problem. I thought it futile On checking out very early and recounting this problem to the reception staff. I was offered a coffee Couldn't wait to leave to get some sleep at home. 
Room noisy Corridors, narrow and complicated 
No comment: 
Mattress could be less soft 
Could not use internet on my TV, which was very disappointing. That was the reason why I chose this hotel because it had a smart tv 
Nothing 
Nothing, I would have no hesitation in going there again tomorrow. 
No laundry facility, although there is a laundry service provided 
London underground, which has nothing to do with the hotel 
As per my experience above the way, the staff make you feel when you are simply asking for something you are paying for Customer service should be very high on anybody's list of requirements. However, common courtesy and general manners should be essential If you can't deliver these, you simply should not be in a customer forward facing role. 
Room is too small: 
The AC is hard to control, Doesn't really run well. 
Small room 
N, A 
Bathroom a little small for a family room but managed; ok, 
There, as no lift so the flights of stairs to the 4th floor was a little hard going. 
Poor sound proof, tiny, tiny room and bathroom receptionist wasn't very welcoming luggage storage wasn't very secure. 
The air conditioning was a bit noisy 
The room was extremely small and the television didn't work from the bed. You had to get up to change channels or to turn the volume up and down. 
No standard amenities you have to to ask for toothbrush or laundry bag to a staff which is not convenient. The elevator is quite old, which I had a not good experience. 
Standard room is quite small: 
Not friendly staff 
Minor quibble, Nespresso pods were all decaf Brand design made it difficult to identify. Caffeinated pods, though myself and a staff member did try. 
Nothing 
Aircon turned off in the middle of the night and had to get reception to reset at the mains. 
The cleaning of the room was not super. Well, We found hair and used soap in the bath. One day we found the wet towels that we used the day before. If you are OCD like us, you will be a bit disappointed. 
Our executive room was gloomy and brown with minimal natural light, quite small for the extra cost It looked out onto concrete walls, A slightly larger executive room was available, but only on payment of a supplement and the view was the same. Breakfast could have been a treat, but it was quite bland and served in an over crowded, drab backroom. Also one lift wasn't operating for two days, causing delays. So we used the stairs a lot On reflection. We I may have had unrealistic expectations for a room in central London. However, like many visitors to the capital, staying here was meant to be part of a special occasion for an important anniversary. Overall, the hotel was fine, no real cause for concern. Just a little underwhelming 
That the room was very basic. There was no coziness about it. I paid extra for an executive, double room, expecting more comfort and a bigger room, but was really disappointed. We have stayed here quite a few times, but doubt we will return. 
The view from my window, the checking 
No view from room looked into courtyard and scaffolding. 
N, a 
We would rather have a sink and running water in the toilet. 
The underground car park, also l mistakenly thought it was included in the price 37 for 24 hours which by London prices are not too bad. But if l had know, l would have gone by train 
That we couldn't stay longer, 
Building is very old and not renovated. Bathroom was very small and not so clean Housekeepers are not doing good job. Some toilettes are missing, B, F menu should change sometime, we are having 7 days same food, 
Wi fi couldn't find or connect very well and needed to be on one side of room to use properly, But still good, not a big issue. 
Lack of lift dingy and faded decor small tv noisy with window open even on 3rd floor 
Arrived at 2p'm checked in only to find room hadn't been serviced yet asked receptionist when it will be ready. She couldn't give me an answer to how long my wife and i had to sit and wait for half an hour before finally being told room was ready. 
Black out for 10 mins 
No retail shopping in this area of London 
The bathroom was too open, not much privacy 
It met our requirements, so was fine. 
Rooms are small, but well designed 
Breakfast is a bid on the expensive side, facilitation to use a local gym, even if for an additional price, would be a plus 
The room was a smaller than i thought it would be. 
I love to exercise and missed a gym at the hotel, But hey I'll get over that 
Weather 
Tea and coffee making facilities in the room would be useful. 
It didn't serve alcohol, 
We were on the fifth floor and a couple of stairs leading to our room were very narrow, which is apparently to be addressed. 
There'S nothing we didn't like 
Rooms are small, Breakfast service was slow, 
We had a family room, the beds were almost connected to each other, While the foto's showed a very spacious room. The lift was too small for a family and often used by personel cleaning of the rooms, bedlinnen and towels. So much waiting or many stairs. There was no airconditioning and it was very hot in the small room. 
There was nothing I felt uncomfortable with 
Room too noisy windows offer almost no sound proofing. We were unfortunate to try to sleep during the time. A party was happening across the street till 03. In the morning. People were happy quite very happy, but the music was bad. 
Housekeeping knocking to check if we checked out at 9 am 
The bed is not comfy at all, The bathroom is OK, but the shower space is so wee. 
There were problems with bathroom fittings. We informed the hotel staff during our visit. 
The design of the rooms, the wifi 
Road noise from rooms at front of house 
The view from the window 
Nothing everything about our stay was amazing. 
Rooms next door were very noisy until 3 am both nights. I had to bang on the walls. 
Expensive breakfast 
Overpriced 
The shower could have been simpler in terms of design and confort. 
We chose this hotel because we had stayed a few years ago, but we now know that we paid well over the website tariff, for this stay Very disappointed that no breakfast was included. Staff in the hotel and cafe were very unhelpful. There was no information in the room about breakfast options. When we asked at reception where breakfast was served, we were told through that door, which was marked dining room, but nothing else was explained When we went through in the morning. It was door into a health food. Cafe and the options for breakfast were from the quite specialist cafe: menu with matching prices, No option for e g, toast and cereal, and the cost for coffee, and tea was ridiculous for a hotel breakfast. When we queried the menu explaining that we were hotel guests, we were told quite rudely that it was up to us to choose from the menu and pay full price. We went to another cafe round the corner and paid a reasonable price for a simple breakfast. We will not be back 
As with all of London, the hotel is pricey 
Flexible hoses in toilets not available Wi Fi, not free 
More up to date, room 
Nothing 
Breakfast too expensive Didn't eat. There Went to Ma's Kitchen by Southwark station, Very good food 
Nothing 
The rooms are VERY SMALL and the bathroom is even SMALLER, Though it is very clean and updated. The staff was extremely helpful and the doormen are terrific. The nightly chocolate and cookies are a nice treat. The hotel is in a great, safe location, just a 5 minute. Walk to the Bond St tube, stop Terrific Italian restaurants just around the corner and lots of local pubs and shopping 
Slightly odd smell in room didn't raise to reception, as we were hardly in there and used a scented candle for a London location, hotel security, a bit weak have known hotels, were every door and lift is key card controlled and, whilst that's a nuisance getting around, these Are sadly the times we live in 
Rooms are small, 
But the room is extremely small. I had a single room for 2 nights and was so small that was not even possible to totally open the luggage. I think the room size will be around 6 square meters with a small corridor at the entrance that actually makes the room even smaller, There's one window but is like there's no window Room, also noisy, because at the ground floor For a 4 stars hotel and for The price almost 160 Pounds with no breakfast - It's not worth it. 
Very tight space, specially the shower 
We had bad luck, Wifi and television was temporarily not working, and there was no water in the bathroom They on day, 2 moved us from our specifically booked room with a view on 7th floor to to another nice room on 2 floor, But still low pressure in The pipes They told us it was an outside problem, but more sounded like a wellknown internal problems with their pumps, The front personel was professionally serviceminded, but the attitude was from people under pressure. The hotel really has to get a grip to stay 5 stared. Even if you to not take in mind the missing Water and wifi problem, it seems more correct to say its a nice 4 star hotel 
Small but adequate bedrooms, 
The hotel was full, so we had a room right in the eaves Great view, but tiny and slow lift 
We booked two rooms at the same time, but forgot to ask specifically that they be close, if not next door. In the event, one was on 3rd floor, the other on the 2nd 
The coffee was very bitter at breakfast, Did not like it at all. 
My late checkout that you Had confirmed The hotel, didn't know anything about it. They agreed to for 2pm, but the cleaners didn't know, and they kept on wanting me out of the room. 
The room was a little outdated, 
Could have done with biscuits in room drink could do to be a little bit cheaper. 
I was with 4 friends in two rooms: The room with 3 people in only had one double bed and a put you up style, chair bed. We did complain and we're moved to a room with two bigger beds, but the third bed was still the chair. Bed Thought the Hilton could do better, especially as some families want to be together. 
Nothing 
Bit stingy with teabags milk, but could get extra at reception On our last night. I was kept awake all night, I'm not kidding all night. There were doors banging shouting to one another in the corridor in out of lift area. It stopped when they left at about 5 45am, but I was too anxious to sleep by then I went out to them at 2. 30Ish asked them to be quiet. That was when I realised they were in room next to us. She said What quite abruptly I asked again: please be quiet. She said ok, then carried on doing the same. I think they were leaving flying home to India or the like, but they kept us up all night. I rang down three times when they got to our floor. It had all quietened down for about five minutes, but the duty manager was gone when it started again When he came the last time the women from next door, the man in the room opposite, were going back into their rooms. I went out this time voiced what had been going on all night in front of them. I think the ma must have said they were leaving. Then I watched through my peephole as they went about ten minutes later, When I asked for an extra hour the next morning, so that we could shower pack, as we had been up all night, the night staff hadn't even left a message about it. I was too upset dumbfounded to complain again. That really was unfair, completely spoiled our break, So the hotel was great, but in the scheme of things it doesn't matter, 
Nothing 
Nothing hotel was faultless, 
Cost of breakfast 
The hotel is using old furniture and not properly maintained The floor. Mat is old and torn. The price was too high for a hotel of that standard. The passage are very small, its not catering for all persons of different body structure, The mattress of the initial room. I was given had stains something like blood stains. 
The windows are relatively small in the one bedroom suite 
I asked for an early check in to get ready for a wedding. The room was not ready when I arrived at 12 45 and i had to get changed, etc in the gym. Changing rooms, 
The noise from the main road could be heard through the night due to the windows not being double glazed. 
The room was not clean enough Found hair in the shower on the wall. 
Just old room key 
The lift wasn't working 
The room was just too small to be comfortable. We had to put the small chair into the hall to fit our 2 cases into the room. 
The room was absolutely tiny, claustrophobic and oppressive. There was one tiny, high level skylight and on the event of a fire outside in the corridor, this would have made for a very unlikely means of escape. Reception staff were extremely defensive when asked about the size of the room, and if there were any others available and shunned the fact we had used booking dot com to make our reservation. 
No fan in bathroom 
Our 2 rooms were not well lit and directly faced other rooms opposite in an open space in the middle of the hotel. Above the breakfast lounge Ask for rooms above 3rd floor if possible, Because of high season breakfast lounge worked on overbooking, so they improvised alternatives in adjacent restaurant or in a large conference room. Unfortunately, in the alternative locations, some menu items were missing and in all breakfast locations they were very slow to refill empty bowls or simply said they were out of that menu item or dish. 
We don't ask for clean towels. There was a coupon for 10 off offered to guests who signed up The restaurant, didn't know anything about the promotion And it was for one meal one day, Not much incentive and not well informed. 
The staff that worked behind the bar quite rude 
Cleaners didn't leave us towels twice: 
The staff attitude and level of service 
Lifts need reprogramming exasperating journeys, Can't open window 
Tea coffee, making facilities in the room would have been good. 
Room very small dark. Luckily, windows opened so not so stuffy Breakfast started at 7 am but on last day we had to leave at 7, am for airport, so had to rush in grab a quick coffee. 
Location in China, town 
Nothing 
None 
Room was very small and expensive, although adequate for my purposes No bath and quite noisy at night. 
The lift was broken down when we stayed, which was a little awkward when lifting our luggage up the stairs. I did also expect the room to be a little bigger, considering we were staying for a week. 
Bar service 
Decoration was a cold and impersonal. A guest was smoking in the non smoking rooms. Sometimes only one person at frontdesk 
The location is a bit far from the centre of London. 
There are not enough car parking spaces to the number of rooms which will cause problems to guests that arrive later in the evening. No matter how careful you are you will flood water in to the bathroom via the sliding shower door, Do not undertand. Why both full English and Continental breakfasts are the same price. 
Third rate for price 
Cant say much: 
The size 
No complaints, 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Nothing 
The room felt airless the window did not open and in the middle of the night I woke up wondering if there was enough oxygen with the room being so small. However, there was 
Breakfast They cant cope with large numbers. 
There is only hot water in the afternoon evening, so prepare for a chilly morning shower 
Room was quite small, but it had all that you needed on a short business trip. 
Property is a little tired, 
Breakfast was a bit pricy and the only thing I could fault them for 
Bit of a wait for breakfast 
Best sutable for adults Not allowed for children in skybar after 18, 00 
Only one thing our luggage was not stored in a secure facility, and this could have caused real problems. 
Only complaint was A C either it was not working well or hotel should not be advertised as air conditioned As Americans we expected cool and the A C did not deliver. 
Our room was not ready until well after check in time The property smells horrible and has filthy carpets that need replacing No wash cloths available for showers. 
Bathroom floor needs to be made, so it drains properly as a wet room in a disabled room as it would flood the carpet under the door Reported it twice. 
Make sure you get a good view, We paid for a deluxe suite which we got but which was at the rear of the hotel with a view of a wall Dreadful 
The breakfast wasn't included and we had to go to local cafes every day, as it was 20 Euros. 
Not enough seating for everyone at breakfast, so we had to come back later. 
Room size 
Size of room was small 
The bathroom was very small. There were cobwebs above the lamp shades hanging from the high ceilings. 
My wife has a wheelchair and we told the hotel about this, but they were unable to provide a ramp to get up to the front door. My wife had to get out of the chair and climb 3 or 4 steps Staff helped us Very small room. No space to store wheelchair had to climb over the bed to get to the otherside 
We booked for a standard king room for me, my husband and 4yr old kid. However, they said they couldnt. Let my child stay in the same bed with us, even if their policy states that choldren below 12 stay for free. As long as sharing existing bed, We ended up paying additional 50 per night, which was out of our budget. It was such a hassle and it was a really unpleasant experience. 
Small room 
Room was a dark, but not a major issue. 
Nope 
We could have checked in earlier, but we felt the fee was too expensive. However, the staff allowed us to make use of their left luggage facility free of charge. 
A free breakfast would of been good, as the hotel was so exspensive. 
Really disappointed with this hotel I booked a famiy room for my brother, his wife and two young kids, While booking I submitted a special request to see if they could check in slightly earlier. I would have been happy to pay extra for this. However, they did not even bother responding When my brother and his family arrived on the day. They also requested an early check in, but were advised that the earliest they can check in was at 2, which was the standard time. Anyway. They went out to kill time and came back just before 2 pm. They were then told to wait 5 minutes as the room wasn't ready. Yet These 5 minutes became 15 30 and eventually 50. They didn't get their room till 2. 50 pm Absolute disgrace. By this point, his young kids, who were already exhausted coming via an early morning, flight, were completely shattered and every minute felt like an hour Very, very disappointed, especially because this was the first experience my brother and his family had in Europe, and it was very unpleasant Because of the customer service at this hotel, 
Room was small for the three of us. 
If I had to improve something, it would be that hot breakfast should be included in the breakfast price and not cost extra. We did not opt in for breakfast. For this reason, 
The only minor fault we found was the safe in the room, which was in the bottom of the wardrobe, which meant you had to almost stand on your head to use it 
More signs to indicate where lifts etc are. I was in the restaurant trying to get to reception desk. Luckily, there were staff to ask 
Came back at 5 and told room had been overlooked and not serviced After long day on our feet expected clean room to come back to. Perhaps if rooms could be serviced by 2pm, that would be great 
Breakfast choice: milk was off coffee, cold staff, not very helpful, Bathroom cleanliness, poor 
The Wifi was none existent in the room and I was 3 doors away from reception. I could actually pick up the network from the KFC next door, but not the hotel. I was in 
The room was really hot: the aircon turned off every 5 minutes and had a set minimum of 19 degrees, which it definitely wasn't reaching. We spoke to the staff, but they weren't able to get it to stay on. Luckily it wasn't too hot outside. So we could open the window. 
Very warm air con was pre set Heated towel rail on continuously 
The hallway on our floor smelled a bit funny. We couldn't tell if it was because the carpets had been shampooed recently and still were a bit wet of if someone peed somewhere 
We had two 2 dinners, but unfortunately we were ushered in both occasions in the Bar area. Only we would have liked to be in the main, dining hall. Also, the previous guests must have brought in food and place it in the fridge. The fridge has a terrible odor when opened, I complained about it and someone must have done something. Although the odor was lessened, it still bothered my wife and me 
Nothing 
The room size was very small, and the toilet was small and the room service was slow. 
Bathroom was too small and only one hook to hang anything up which was very close to the toilet. Water drained out too slowly down the plug hole when having a shower 
Bar closed early 
Absolutely nothing 
The room was the size of a small cupboard and the bathroom the size of a shoe box, a small one. You could sit on the loo and wash your feet in the bath. At the same time, if you are over 6 foot tall and over the age of 60 upgrade to a king size room, they ask you when you book in, if you want to upgrade the room for 18 per night, wish we had, You wont get in and Out of the shower shower over the bath had to be a contortionist to get in and out. The bathroom was not very clean. The shampoo bottles had dust on the door had smears on and we found a hair or two on the sink. Not ours. Take your own hairdryer At 180, a night I thought at least there will be a good hairdryer and mirror to do my hair. In think again, The hair dryer was one of those permeant wall mounted ones. You used to find in the 1970's in swimming pool, changing rooms and it was situated over the loo. I had no control over the power or heat and it went off half way through as it over heated spent. My weekend, looking like, I had put my fingers in an electric socket 
There were 2 things the kettle in our room, didnt work and there were hairs in the bath and on the bathroom floor when i first went into the bathroom, so i had to clean the bath before i used it. Shame 
Nothing I thought it was central. 
Room not ready on arrival at 3pm, which inconvenienced our plans. That afternoon we were given a free breakfast as compensation With regard to breakfast service was poor, eg tables were not cleared and we had to move plates etc so that we could finish the meal. 
Our room on 7th floor was Small, with only porthole window, Only 3 lifts with only two working throughout our stay and the other two very slow and could only hold 8 and that's without luggage, Not good 
Executive Lounge was awful 
There was not steps or ladder into the pool. Therefore, it was difficult to get out of the pool. 
The only thing was that the hotel was slightly hidden, which makes it a little harder to find and for more options on the breakfast room service, but thats really being picky. 
No closet in room hotel under construction, no comfortable chair in room do seal on shower door, water all over floor, all glass, bathroom, no privacy, long, walk to public transportation; 
Sheets were not changed during the 3 day. Stay Tea, coffee, not replenished; No massage facilities, Parking, expensive and not always available. 
The breakfast food was over cooked and not worth the price 
One day the cleaner forgot to add a towel in our bathroom, so we only had one big one. I called the reception and they promised to bring one but never showed up. 
Could have better beds for kids, then pull out bed. We had only news. English speaking channel would have been great just to have one entertainment channel for kids movies. 
The breakfast was located in a bunker meeting room during the summer, Not cosy at all. 
1 Room Magnetic Keycard. This Hotel has a serious problem with their magnetic strip room key cards. My cards were never near a mobile phone or TV, But they went off a few times in the 2 night stay. It was a nuisance and was more painful, as these guys have really slow. Elevators 2 Slow, Elevators Only 6 levels, but has 3 public elevators, But it takes forever to come Why THey are very slow And when you have issues with your magnetic key, like we had a few times, 20 mins are gone, going back down and back up again. 
A bit noisy from the surrounding niteclubs Seaview was just that a Seaview above buildings 
After going to the rooftop pool, it doesn't look like the photos online anymore. These must have been taken a few years ago, Not much room around the poolside, but there are other sun loungers on a lower level of the roof, meaning you could still sunbathe and enjoy the view. 
Size of roof pool 
The room was very dusty. Specially the floor was covered by dust. 
Damaged bathroom shower screen, sealant and tiles 
Room Air conditioning control didn't work and the AC unit was noisy Bed to small room view. Poor bathroom needs maintenance, 
The ceiling started leaking water at midnight in a decrepit old room, with air condition that didn't work and a loud hum. They moved us the next day to another, decrepit old room, with no apology or compensation. The new room had two sinks: one didn't drain: The hair, dryer didn't work. The air conditioner in the new room didn't work either Zero help from the staff and never an apology for our family of fives trouble. Four star hotel. I think not It's three stars at best. The hotel is on its last legs, Dated everything with regards to walls, rooms and furniture, Save your money and look elsewhere. 
Swimming pool very small, but there is one Subway noise. 
The bathroom cieling was leaking water, 
Nothing 
Was given a very small claustrophobic room? No doubt hotel called bijou could not pass each other if both moving about the room, Bathroom, tiny and door could not be closed unless towels removed from towel rail Very poor On arrival, obvious problem with booking in Reservation, lost 
Room twin deluxe, dark and small for friends: ok for couples and singles 
Price and hotel shuttle van could not drive up to the door. We had to carry our luggage through the narrow road on cobble stone. 
Small room 
Tv could have more international channels with English speaking programmes, not just bbc news and CNN 
Without paying a lot more, I don't think you would get much better. 
I didn't like being in the basement. It was a little too secluded for someone on their own 
Mattress of poor quality 
My mobile phone was stolen in the hotel and the hotel were not very helpful. 
The pool is tiny and if the hotel is fairly full, you will not get a sunbed 
Would have preferred a free standing shower bath very deep for a wee person like me to get in and out of 
Cleanliness of the bathroom, This was a nightmare. Although the bathroom looked refreshed, it was a bit dirty. I think managers don't pay attention to detail, and this is surprising At the end of the day, this hotel have 4 and bathrooms should be clean. Apart from that fire doors in the corridor on the 4th floor were noisy and it was hard to get some decent sleep as whenever people were walking in or out, the doors were banging so loud that it was impossible to not get awaken. 
Some noise, I think, from air conditioning system above the room, but it wasn't bad enough to complain about or spoil the stay. 
The overall service and comfort 
Room furniture and decor in need of updating, 
Not enough light in bathroom All seats at terras, around pool area where reserved, but no people sitting there and not many people in the pool. 
Food wasn't great and very pricy. Also there were no coffee facilities in the rooms. This is not a 5 star service. 
Rooms were a little small for American standard. We stayed in a queen room and at night heard water running above behind our bed. Bathroom was a tad small 
Nothing 
Soul, less another corporate lobby, no ambience whatsoever Felt like an office block at weekend. However, if you see your room more as an apartment, then it's fine 
Room needed renovation looking very tired, Was very hot and stuffy, with poor ventilation Hairs on carpet by bed. 
D cor was bland and old fashioned. 
Didn'T love the shower not being with the bathroom and the bath was small. I would expect bigger bath for a superior suite with a terrace for the money paid. I paid extra for a suite with an outside terrace expecting this to be on the higher levels. It was on the ground floor with high walls like a prison around, which I didn't expect. So we couldn't really enjoy. The Terrace. Rooftop pool was a complete, let down My partner and I went up twice and it was full of topless women and because it's so small it was awkward and too personal. I left within seconds Unless there are only two people up there. It'S just too small to enjoy lounging by th pool 
Nothing 
I thought the Air Conditioning could have been a lot better, Was very weak and did not cool the room like I would like, but it was not bad either. There was a beautiful Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, but there was no shower. So if you tried to take a shower in the tub with the no curtains, you made a huge mess of the floor. 
The female receptionist was rude: 
Too far from town 
Location was too far from city centre. 
Noisy environment, 
Disappointed that the hotel was having renavations carried out and unable to use main reception Room keys, not working and therefore had a member of staff have to access rooms each time 
Cleaning is extremely poor dust everywhere finger spots on the furniture dirty spots in the bathroom. I have asked the cleaning lady to tidy up the room properly, but it did not help much Very slow. Elevator requires a lot of waiting Shower was leaking water. Wifi could also be better. Air conditioning was noisy, My room was facing the street and was also noisy. The cleaning personnel is on some kind of strike against electricity saving. Every time we returned to the hotel, all the lights were on in the room, and air conditioning was on with an open window. Location is far from the centre. You need to walk 5 7 min to the tram station, then take several stops to the main tourist area. It is absolutely not a 5 star hotel. I always trust booking com and reviews published there. I travel a lot and have not been deceived yet, But this time I had an impression that all good ratings and reviews for this hotel were a fake 
The corridors are rather dismal, as is the decor in the room, which was rather dark. 
If you are traveling by car, be prepared to pay 30 euro daily charge for the parking in the tower, Even though the hotel has some reserved parking spots, you will still have to pay and there are no other parking next to the hotel. 
I am picking hairs as it was fab room slightly small compared to balcony and no teaspoons. Only wooden sticks 
You might hear street noise, but AC is good if you need to shut windows. Rooms are bowed so not especially spacious but adequate for 2 people. 
A kettle that had brown sludge and fungus in the bottom It took 24 hours and reporting twice to be changed. 
Nothing 
Everything was great, 
Location was not good. I did a late check in at 18 00hrs and wanted a late check out between 13 00hrs 14 00hrs. However, I was informed that I will get charged 10euros extra per hour, which is ridiculous. Also, the amenities in the hotel were not as expected. 
The bath was not completely clean when we arrived 
The rooms are dated and are carpets old, 
Service charge when ordering drinks at the bar 
No complaints, 
Cleanliness was poor, the complimentary bottles of water were empty when reception were told they did nothing. Dirty underwear left in our room from previous guest and used towels on towel rail 
Noisy air con, but strangely soothing 
There could have been more parking, 
Walk to nearest bus station or tube station about 5 mins or more 
It'D have been better if there's an iron board available in the room and a manual safety lock on the door inside 
Being charged more than I had with booking com, although I believe a weakness and lack of transparency of booking com, 
Our only suggestion is to please change the bathroom, mirror It's small and high, and for anyone under 5 5, my wife, you can't really see yourself very well. She is not a big makeup person, but it really didn't work for her 
Nothing 
Coffee machine was rubbish, 
Hallways are a bit run down, but they are in the process of redecorating and it they will look great. In the next couple of months we saw some work being carried out, painting, etc. The rooms themselves are gorgeous, as are the bathrooms. 
Hotel breakfast very, very limited, especially for hot food Cold, was the usual and plent of deserts and fruits room for improvment here, like hasbrowns, Very hard on vegetarians Room, not very well cleanned found hair in both the room and bathroom. We also has some insect presence in a day. Bed with all the sheet layers are always sliding off painful to sleep on them. The hotel had no facilites like a gym or pool 
There weren't always enough towels ready in the pool area. 
The pool too much cloor bad view. It isn't reserve 4 stars. I think 3 stars fair 
Room was too small for the price. Thank God I booked the terrace. Otherwise you keep bumping into each other. 
Bed was a little hard 
The interior of room was drab and uninteresting The lighting in the bathroom appalling. It could be tweaked a little and be much more appealing. 
Our room not clean. Well, we found some foods under the bed. Hot air conditior, We ordered from the resturant water and they ignore us 
Stayed in hotels of similar price and had much bigger rooms. 
Nothing 
The room was small and did not meet my expectation. 
The room was very average, not renovated, as shown on booking com. That being said, the room was very clean, cozy. Also anyone 6 ft tall would find the shower impossible as the ceiling is very low. Slanted. Please note I hate to even mention these negative comments, because the hotel itself and staff were absolutely extradionary. I would definitely stay here again, but I'll upgrade in room selection. 
Nothing 
Room quite basic milk was off for the tea and coffee 
Room filthy dirty bed, sheets, stained, room door, broken Paint, flaking off ceiling and door frames Over all room, unsatisfactory 
No hot water in hand basin Being allocated a disabled access room whose mirror was at knee height, 
Nothing 
More tea and milk in room, but thats a very British thing: 
Not all rooms face canal, But that really is ok. 
Breakfast too expensive, 
The restaurant was closed for summer break. 
A c not working, I couldn't sleep for two nights Didn't repair. Despite my requests At check out, I was told that they know they have a c problems. On the 6 th floor, They didn't care to provide a room change. 
Rooms are too hot. We been traveling in the car for 12 hours, so we were looking forward to come to hotel and have a good rest, but we actually got more tired and exhausted, so we felt like it was waist of money. I did say that hotel has air con but rooms where so hot that we couldn't sleep all night, Very, very disappointed specially when it's rated 4 star as well. 
Arrived 12 45 pm were told room would not be available until 3 pm just take a seat in crowded waiting room off loungers. This hotel is very popular with large groups, Got emails, sorted rang London, friends and then at 1 30 pm requested our bags be stored. As we were going to lunch Was informed. Our room was ready and was assisted by a receptionist with a very different approach to the original one who by now had disappeared. We requested a very early wake up call on our last of 3 nights. You guessed it. We were told we never requested this after we appeared over 1 hour late, which resulted in rushed and chaotic transport to the airport. It was only when we arrived at Fort Canning, Hotel Singapoe. We noticed an email from the Reception Manager that our complaint was correct and they had a failure in their system which effected more than us. There are better hotels in Craven Hill nearer Paddington, where there are many more accessible eateries in a village atmosphere, not on a major roundabout. I would recommend that every person who works in reception at this Hotel take a holiday to Singapore and study the manners, diligence and attitude of the staff at Fort Canning Hotel. Maybe even Mamagement could use the stay as a refresher course. 
No smoking inside the whole preperty The air conditioner was terrible, although the staff offered to move us to another room, but the problem, as i think, was the central control unit coz. It worked porperly for two days. 
It'S a bit far from the Town Center, where much of the tourist activities and restaurants are located. However, the transportation system makes it easy to make your way over there. 
We did pay 563 euro for two days for 2 rooms, but i still think it was still bad. They ask 21 for the breakfast. Normally breakfast have to be in the price And also for 1 day parking 25. This is seriosly seriosly, very, very bad for people And we have been the hotel for cheek in 14 00 clock, our rooms still wasnt ready and we have to wait. Untill 15 30 with our 1 years old baby Thats really make. U'S feel not good And also we did ask 2 rooms next to each other in booking com. Before 2 weeks we are booking, but we Where in reseption but always excuses But stuff, are very friendly and Nice. 
I lost my deodorant 
Parking wasn't the easiest We couldn't find it initially, so temporarily parked up to speak with a receptionist. Luckily, there were two of us. I e one to speak to staff and the other to stay in the car. Otherwise it would have been more of a mission. The staff member then called a guy who took our car brand and colour The man, then let us, through the barrier of a private road and led us to the secure car park. It costs 20 per night, so not the cheapest. If you are driving, As they only took cash, I spent another 10 mins, getting cash out, Not a difficult process, but I'm used to easier. I e underground parking 
The staff demeanour they looked at me like I couldn't afford a room, Really unprofessional and I would not stay there again. 
Amsterdam is so expensive. 
Toilet smelt like it had a turd festering inside it which wasn't pleasant. 
Jacuzzi had no water in so couldnt use it very tiny menu at the bar and not much option. If you didnt want to pay 22 for the breakfast hotel was further from the city than expected. Do we spent a fair bit of money on transport to central and back twice per day, 
Everything was bad, even took pictures. 
Damaged toilet seat cover Poor drainage in shower area, Always flooded. 
The bed cover comforter was not replaced. We had to put a note asking to replace it For a 5 star hotel with very expensive per night. Everything should be replaced, cleaned everyday If they'll say to save economize, then lower the rate for the 2nd day or those days where the sheets aren't replaced. It would make sense. The breakfast per person is 20 Euros, which is too expensive, especially when done everyday. We tried only once just to check what they're offering, But everything is expensive in Vienna, The parking We had to pay 24 Euros per night In the Parking Garage's website the per day is 18 Euros, but because we stayed in the hotel, the payment was different, which Is 24, which is ridiculous? 
No tea or coffee facilities in room, but free minibar Room was quite small, No slippers or dressing gown in room 
Laundry staff are helpful but should be smiley to the guests. 
Note that the hotel is on the outskirts of the city, You can take the L4 metro, 20 min to the city center. 
The occasional bad smell in the room, 
No airco only a fan with high outside temperatures Would have expected airco in a hotel of that category. Double room, very spacious and comfortable, but the single room with only a slightly lower price per day, was very cramped about 1 3. The space of the double room and a cracked floor After complaining, this was changed to a room with a good floor, slightly bigger, but still very small. The price for a single room is far too high. 
Steep stairs 
Bathroom very tired and floor tiles, need're sealing and just all a little grimy Windows need sorting in the room. I was in 
Only a minor thing would have liked more coffee in the room. 
The mattress was uncomfortable because it was higher in the middle and lower at the sides of the bed. 
Mirror in the bathroom in Vitra Room too dark for applying makeup and no other mirror in the room. 
Nothing 
You have to get your luggage to your room in a round about way: ask for help. 
The room did not have an iron in it. The coff e in the room is instant. Given the quality of the hotel, I would have expected real coffee. 
The swimming pool wasn't as clean as I thought it would be, but everything else was amazing. 
Cost of parking unable to see the digital clock display when lying in bed 
Bar Long wait at 2100 on Monday, 31st July, no staff around and surprised when I did get served, that a service charge was included for 1 order of only 2 drinks. What should have been a relaxing drink after a long day? Quite frankly, annoyed me. Needless to say, I did not return. 
Nothing I did not like 
Window difficult to open even a crack. 
Had to wait for room to be ready, despite arriving at 5pm 
The bar fridge was connected to reception and if you moved anything of picked it up for more than 20 seconds, it was charged on the bill and it mounted up to quite a lot of money and did take a fair while to have it sorted out on Checkout and taken off the bill, If you were in a hurry to check out this, could be a problem Next time. I will ask them to remove everything and just put my own drinks wine in it. The hotel was still in the process of the renovations, but they did not start work until 9am, so it did not bother us 
Very hard to find the parking and you can hear the sound of cars passing by from your room. We asked for higher floor, but was given a room near the street with a bad view from construction A little bit far from restaurants and the shopping center. You have to walk at least 10 minutes and you'll sweat from the heat of the sun. The entrance of the hotel is a road, so you have to be careful. If you have small children, The sofa bed was not that comfortable and there should be more pillow. 
Nothing 
As above 
Late roomcleaning, one day, 16 45 
Asked for poached eggs which were on menu but told none available. 
The shower floor was slippery. 
Breakfast not included and buffet really expensive. 
I personally thought that although the room was classed as superior double, it was not. In my opinion, There was only a shower. I sometimes think that they keep smaller basic rooms for the likes of booking com, etc. 
Staff were confused and disorganised 
For the price, I expected a little more of this hotel. I'M sorry! I cannot be more specific, but I just left feeling like it could have been more than your average unexciting hotel. 
Attitude of management staff given problems of being charged in full without notification a month ahead when we had confirmation to pay at hotel, No consideration given to customer is right totally unbending Met with manager of customer relations for coffee to discuss. At her suggestion, The coffee then appeared on our bill at check out left a very bad taste. We had one free breakfast for all the hassles around the booking, which turned out to be awful Much better quality and price at local restos on the High St Booking com was far more accommodating. 
There was no croissants 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Liquid soap, 
Room size was small, 
The room without sound proof, 
Bed in room for third person, too small 
Bathrooms don't have locks with family, it's difficult! 
Gym is lacking size and equipment. 
Cleaning wasn't as good as usual Blood stain left on the bathroom floor from somewhere Server at restaurant was uninformed about menu. 
The hotel was situated next to an establishment that was blatantly distasteful. 
A C in room very noisy 
N, A 
I would have liked to have help with my bags to and from my room it seems like a simple enough of a service and it really would've been appreciated. 
The lighting controls in the room were a puzzlement. 
Not much 
Two front desk staff gave us uninformed info're travel to Gatwick from the hotel. It was 1 5 hours and 180 pounds, They estimate 1 hour and 90 pounds. 
View from my window Would of liked to be higher up. 
It is really sad to have two different rooms with the same price. The first room definitely didn't worth its price, but the stuff helped a lot to solve the problem. Thank you. 
Changing rooms in pool are broken Disappointed. I couldn't get a rare match for Booking com between when I booked and price on the day. 70 cheaper Hotel couldn't help even tho. They said I should ring their helpline 
Not enough shelves for cloths Bed was actually 2 beds connected No view at all Water flow too weak Light in room was dim. 
Expensive and a small room 
Nothing 
No thing: 
Nothing 
Room is a little small, Not much room to unpack suitcase Other than that was great. 
Wish I could have stayed longer, 
There is absolutely nothing to dislike. 
Be aware that they ask for 50 E per day on a block booking credit card system to cover any costs. Thankfully they. Let is off this, as I had no idea. That was the case and it didn't say that on booking com, 
There was no sun umbrellas by poolside, quite hot in city sun. It would have been nice for each sun lounger to have an umbrella. 
Nothing 
Good value for the money, but don't go there in hot summer, as there is no AC and the rooms are really hot. Even in the night, The fan in our room did not help. 
No elevator, The neighborhood is a bit shabby Toilet, uncomfortable, Separate, hot and cold water tabs are not practical. 
The reservatin place at the lobby Should not be any reservation seats at the lobby. 
I asked for a bathtub pre paid non cancellation rate in full for an executive room for 6 nights asking in my email for a modern room with neutral furnishings shown in the photos. I got assigned a room with gold furnishings drapes Bath tub shower very, very narrow, Asked for a higher floor Instesd I got assigned a room 508 on the 5th floor 9 floors in the hotel, with rooms Noisy room at night. Bright light from neon sign shone through my blind at night. 
Nothing 
I don't like that they take deposit or put hold on the credit card. When you check in Breakfast, not included in the basic price, The room is small and the bathroom door is very close to the bed. 
Limited variety in restaurants: 
Location cleaning weren't that good 
Cleanliness of facilities, 
Nothing 
We were supposed to check in at 2, but the room wasn't ready until about 4 30, which they just made us wait in the lobby and kept saying it will be ready in 20minutes since 2pm The staff we're also really rude, and I was made to pay The city tax twice when I checked in and out because they couldn't find it on the system. 
No complaints, 
Restaurant was over crowded, 
The fact you don't make it apparent that they will charge you an extra 150, a night deposit cover charge. The fact they double charged me and won't return my money and are saying it is policy when it is not 
Lighting low in rooms difficult for makeup staff, a bit disorganised in rooftop restaurant for breakfast and bagel bar multiple wrong orders. 
Exclusive rules for children not mentioned prior to booking Rules were poorly explained on arrival and led to embarrassing situation at roof. Top Aggressive staff policies on roof top Rude service in restaurant Family suite was down two flights of stairs a bit tricky with prams and kids. More of a night club than a hotel Confusion between hotel private members club Cars cannot stop at the front door making for tricky arrival departure Only hotel in 2, 1 2 months. Travel that we didn't feel welcomed because of the kids 
Many of the staff were borderline rude and we had to complain twice about very rude staff. We did think that the hotel values more pretentious clients and didn't feel welcome. The management did listen to our complaints and were very convincing. That things would change. The hotel is very new and these maybe teething troubles The food in the many restaurants was not very good and certainly not worth the money. 
The only thing I missed was a jacuzzi just being greedy 
Having to pay a 300 deposit upon arrival, when the hotel room had already cost nearly 400 
Expensive 
Nope 
Rooms were a bit cold since the weather was not warm enough for summer and they shut the heating off 
Shower style Hard to get in and out of bath, 
The room temperature couldn't be set above 23 C. 
Rooms very small, no option to make coffee tea in room concept of toilet shower in room, not attactive not recommended for next stay TV, not working via ipad. 
Missing toiletries and hairdryer not working in room Near motorway 
Far from the beach room, a little dusty lipstick stain on a glass in the room, 
Reception lobby area, rather cramped, More seating needed 
Lift still out of order after months, They gave me a very small room and with a tiny window, even if I regularly stay on this hotel and I have the NH membership card. 
Nothing 
The fish cake from the room service menu made me Ill, not only ruined my stay at the hotel but ruined my entire weekend. I was sick all weekend and although the hotel said they would investigate what happened with the food they haven't got in touch with me. Also, I had to check out 3 hours late due to feeling so tired and throwing up all morning, And I still was expected to pay for the late check out, which I didn't mind so much, but it just made the checking out process take even longer. I wish I never booked Worst experience at a spa to leave sick, stressed and upset Disgusted with management for no follow up call or email Before the bad room service food. I was actually planning on returning again with a lot more prebooked treatments. Now I am just upset that one night, which was meant to be something for me to destress, had ruined my weekend off. 
Only one lift was working, 
The check in took 1 30 hr 
25 minutes waiting time for check out 
A small problem caused by unexperienced staff at breakfast was professionaly overcome next day, Otherwise, all smooth but expensive, 
I have been there for 5 nights start from 4 July 2017. I booked two rooms and it was nice and overpriced. The hotel location is near Catalonia, plaza and ramblas street breakfast is below average. Breakfast staff was rude, although I stayed for 5 nights and I did not see them smiling. Room service was poor, stay again. No 
The pillows were old and lumpy Breakfast was a nightmare, ended up in bar area, running back and forth to get cooked breakfast a couple of items at a time. The hot food tasted nice at least what we managed to get so many items, ran out and not replaced quickly. We usually do ale our time but gave up and left Really disappointing. 
The pool doesn't have no privacy, people walking in the streets can see through the glass 
Stairs at the doorway in the room, which requires a tough baggage, lift on check in and check out, 
Would have been better with higher shower pressure in the room. A few restaurant staffs seems not to be happy to serve at breakfast. Perhaps she had a bad day before her shifts, though 
When we arrived, our booking was not in the computer strange smell in the bathroom 
Location is a little far out of the centre, but can be walked. Please note that the hotel is on a steep hill, but the location is great to look out over Barcelona. 
We enjoyed everything 
Didn'T like the fact that the windows were sealed, so no fresh air and air con was a bit too hot for us. 
They were unable to process our Amex Card, Yet we had no trouble using it anywhere else in London. 
Was a little pricey and bed was not as comfortable as I had expected. Two lifts were in need of repair and so avoided them Pleasant enough. No WOW factor 
Lack of plug sockets Drying and straightening hair was a nightmare as wouldnt reach over to the mirror. 
Mattresses were very soft: AC transported smells from other rooms, areas such as smoke and toilet smells 
2 single beds pushed together would have preferred a double bed. 
Far from the metro station 
Houskeeping was not matching with a 4star hotel. 
You only get one soap bar. No spare You order room service via an I pad, which is slow and freezes, sometimes Not many English tv channels. 
Hot 
No air conditioner in the fitness, Rome, its very hot there, 
Only the location wich wasn't that great either 
Hotel just wasn't even close to the standard I expected from the price Waited 15 minutes, trying to call room service to have water brought up Called reception and the girl said we don't have room service, so you will have to go the restaurant and get it yourself. Not the hospitable, answer for sure And hotel overall smelled, funky, Especially lobby area and elevators, Had a really mediocre meal in the upstairs pricey restaurant and fortunately, they removed it from the bill. Beware, that pool is tiny and cola with very limited seating area, Design and price attempt to establish this hotel as high class, but service and food says otherwise. 
The rooms lack sound isolation, so we were able to hear the people in the adjacent room all the time. 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Path was separated from shower 
Room was tiny, No closet, no dresser Bags did not fit under bed Crawled around room for 3 days. 
Was excellent, all 
Tiny room for the price 
No fridge to store fruits drinks and other food, They installed an old fridge which had mold in the drawer. They promptly changed to a cleaner old fridge and gave me a plate of fruits. 
Hair drier broken tv, not too big. 
Being woke up 6am when we didn't want an early morning, call 
They could do with an ATM in the hotel. Tell: u can get cash at central station yet Harlem plane is 3 bus stops away. There is a bank staff should be more informef. 
The location was the only let down, as it was a good 30 minute walk to the town, whereas I had read, the hotel was only 5 minutes from the centre, expect taxi costs of 10 euros each way to the centre. 
The room I paid for a room with a bridge view, but this was a limited view. The room was quite small and the window was tiny. We were right in the corner and our window looked right into the next room, which was occupied 
Longer dispute necessary to get the prce previously confirmed by booking com Personnel was not very eager or responsiv to solve the problem, except for the one person who did it. Finally, We booked two rooms in one single booking well in advance, but anyway the hotel was not able even to put the two rooms on the same floor, not to say close together. 
Room. Ok for one but would have been very cramped for two 
Very dated bathroom needs refurbish 
I had to ask for another room: the first one we got smelled like smoke and there is no way to open a window to air it. There is no way to eat something in the hotel. Between 10 00 and 12, 00 Breakfast closes at 10 rooftop restaurant. Only opens at 12 00, Not a big problem, of course, but if you're hungry 
Couldn'T open windows in room 
Poor service at the restaurant and confusing charging of wifi 
Hotel and decor seemed grubby 
Bathroom situation is not great: no privacy, 
Nothing 
Everything was wonderful, except some of the reception staff seemed a bit snooty at times. However, perhaps I'm spoiled to Asian hotels, I live in Singapore, where, in general, reception staff seem to smile more 
Nothing, you are near. The south bank tower bridge Borough Market 
Hotel doesn't serve any alcohol 
Space in the room was tight, Price was high for the room. 
Sometimes they forget to bring chocolate 
I had a room on 3rd floor just below the breakfast restaurant. The noice was so loud from chairs moving around and people walking and talking that it was impossible to sleep once the breakfast was open. Furthermore, we were not informed that the aircondition didnt work in our room, So i had to call the reception. 03 00 am in the night, at which point the room was very hot. After calling the reception 3 times, some one finally picked up and just turned on the air condition and then hung. However, we still couldn't adjust the temperature, meaning that we both got a cold. It seemed to me that you knew that the aircon was turned off and didn't work, but didn't bother to tell us. Last but not least, i was locked in the bathroom for 45 minutes just before, leaving the hotel and going to the airport. The effort from the personel to get me out wasnt, exactly very impressive, Had to kick the door open after the 45 minutes in order to catch my flight That resulted in a injured foot for the following days. The keys were removed from the other bathroom stalls, including the girls which go me thinking that this had been a problem before All this would have been. Okay, if I was simply informed and at least compensated in some way, But there was only a sorry 
Very bad wi fi connection Very expensive breakfast with not much choice. 
Ac was not on when we arrived in the room We were shown to the room, so the staff had the opportunity to turn it on properly. This was not done When we asked they turned it on, but it did not work properly, so the room was too hot to be comfortable. Furthermore, the noise from the street is fairly high. 
It was a little old fashion and retro 
Nothing 
The place is quite hard to find wifi is terrible. 
They were under construction. It was extremely loud during the day. 
The room was very small and the bathroom needs some renovation. 
No toast Only 1 pillow 
Miserable man on reception, 
Location was not my favorite 
The fact that we could not use the 12th level top floor terrace as booked out for a private function, 
More variety to breakfast: 
At The reception during the three days, only one person smiled at us, the rest made us feel unwelcome to a high limit At bathroom. The distance between the sink and the tap is really small. You cant wash your hands in there. 
The Wi Fi did not work in the room, so had to go out to the first floor, lounge area at night, which was inconvenient 
Neighourhood didn't look like the one you would walk around, but the city center is only 10 mins drive by car 
Executive lounge had minimum breakfast Location required 15 to 20 minutes to get to major sites. 
Room is kinda small 
The shower cabine was a bit small 
No walk in shower booked a superior room; 
The bedsheets they didn't changed, it 
I booked an enhanced room with a bath tub according to the pictures of the room and a bedroom and a little living room. However, on the reception I was offered a suite for extra payment. Only When declined, I eventually was given a plain, only bedroom accommodation with a shower cabin. It is never said thAt the enhanced room has to be a suite or has a bath tub, but the pictures are confusing. 
They took money before one week of our check in date, palaceThe breakfast, not that good, No balcony The road to dumo is not easy. 
The room were missing many things like kettle: tea and nescafe complimentary water, shampoo, 
Zero 
Bit too far from the milan centre, but still easy to get there by metro, 5min walk to it, not much to do around the gotel area. 
I cant name of any 
I wished that booking com could have told us that the hotel was closing on the day of our checkout. It was inconvenient that we could not do a late, checkout and or leave our luggage at the hotel after checkout, as the hotel was closing at 12 30 noon. Also, the walls in the hotel are very thin and you could hear everything in the hallway. However, the hotel was pretty quiet when we were there, so it was not much of a bother 
We had a room on the fifth floor and it was very hot. The AC could not handel the hot room, tempertute 
The hotel rooms don't have clocks. I had to rely on my phone for the time. 
A bit far from city centre, but there's a metro station near the hotel. 
Slow elevator small room, more lighting in the room, 
Smelled a little damp 
Spa is extremely overpriced, Bar is average 
No aircon in restaurant 
Low on staff, it seems so you have to go and get all yourself in reception, though really minor, probmem 
To be honest, cannot think of a negative 
Breakfast not good value for money, Not very nice area to walk around outside hotel Bar prices. High w 
Elevator was broken throughout stay Carpet in room, could use a clean 
Very small rooms: no lift working 
Lift out of order, so i had to use the steps as being disable was not nice. 
Room was very small. 
Perfect location, 
Reception understanding, minor problems became major frustrations even after we left. It was as if we had a language barrier, because even explaining in English became a barrier to understanding 
Due to lack of natural lighting, the room was quite dark and the lighting that was there was a bit night clubbish. I also felt that the system for marking names off at breakfast was very inefficient and the staff were a little curt. 
Everything was perfect. I will get back soon. 
The lights in the room are a bit different, We called maintenance and there is a sequence to follow with turning on the lights. In order to have the lights function as we would anticipate, It is an energy savings, but we were turning the lights off on one another while in the bathroom, not a good thing Would love to have the pool to be open later in the evening. For a relaxing swim dip after a long day, touring London and after having dinner 
Nothing really sticks out. 
Toilet would NOT flush 
Rooms weren't perfectly clean bit of a queue to check in 
The housekeeping knocking every hour on the hour from 7 to clean the room, no chance for a rest. 
Nothing 
A bar fridge in the room would have been good. 
The cleaning service in second floor was awful. This was not the case for the 4th floor, where we initially located Lack of refrigerator in standard room, Limited opening of windows. 
The single room was small and expensive. 
Just one small window to open 
Nothing with the hotel. Actually, There was some huge construction going on next to the train station, so the nearby street and area was not so impressive during my stay, But in the future I guess this area will become more centralized and lively. 
Issue over check in room wasn't ready bar expensive charged 10 percent royalty on all drinks. Even when stated voluntary 
Firstly, we were placed in a room at the back of the hotel that was old and really noisy due to works for refurbishment in the surrounding rooms. After we complained, they found us a better and much newer room. Thank you. 
Size of the room was a bit small. However. We booked a small room with Queen bed. Room had everything we needed and modern design was excellent And most of all bed was very comfortable which cancelled the negative room size. 
No coffee or tea in the room or lobby, No one to help with our bags from Tax into the Hotel, No handicapped, access At 80 years old. It was very difficult for me to lug two large suit cases up the 12 oursidestairs and then up into the lobby. 
Difficult to locate the phone to contact, reception, lack toilet itineraries and it was difficult to locate these 
Air con, not great 
Not a fan of the breakfast, to be honest, the eggs were quite watery Also, we did not buy breakfast in advance, which was good because when you arrive, they give you a 25 off voucher. I would have been very annoyed if I had paid full price in advance and the person next to me got a better deal. 
I cannot think of anything 
Bathroom had a bit of mold in the shower 
The first night we were given an extremely small room with the bathroom door broken Next morning. When we made a complaint, they gave us a perfect room. 
They stolen 800 from my money from the safe box at my room. I couldn't report to police because shortage of time to reach my flight back, They can watch the cameras and identify easily the staff who entered my room and return back. My money, 
The room was appalling. I had originally requested a room with a balcony as a special request, and I understand that may not always be possible In saying that they gave me a room in the basement. Supposedly it was a bonus gift from them, as it was a bigger room to what I had originally booked, Which made me think how small could my room have been if this so called bigger room? Was this small? There was a window with three magnificent view of the buildings pipe work. There was a constant noise out the window from a machine of some sort. There was not much room to hang clothes or put things away. There was a tiny built in wardrobe which could barely fit a handful of tops, but the room was for 2. I will not be staying here again. 
No parking and the room is too small. 
Wish they had halal food selection for Muslim guests? 
A shower without a tub 
Limited vegetarian pescitarian menu 
See above 
The stairs to and fro from room 333 
More than two plug sockets and the bathroom door being replaced as it was in poor condition. 
Small bathroom 
Asked for use of iron, We never did get one 
The compact room really was tiny 
I wish you had wheat, free snacks, 
Bit of a wait for a table at breakfast, 
Housekeeping would bang on your door to wake you up at 830am. This is your alarm Very frustrated. They will continue banging till you wake up until you told them not to clean up your room in such a morning hours Terrible. If we need clean up, we would put the paper sign out to make up room, No respect on guests. Don'T expect this Housekeeping will refill your bath gel. They only keep those bottles which you don't want to use. Keep on giving you the same unwanted bottles, say conditioner. They won't give you slippers, cotton pads, tho, they keep it in their trolley. They won't refill your tea sugar. When, u finished your stay was more than 6 days Doubt they changed your bedsheets too. In such a long week, 
Breakfast was an absolute disaster: 20 minute wait for a table que to get brerakfast and then a que to get toast, by which time your breakfast was cold. If you got the toast first and qued for breakfast, you toast would have been cold. No tea or coffee offered for 30 mibns 
Large queues for breakfast Room was very crammed, booked a room for 2 adults and 2 children no space to go in with a pushchair, Not enough lifts to cater for guests. At times it took us 10 minutes to go down to the lobby. Restaurant 
The room was spacious enough for a family because there is a sleeping sofa, but when the sleeping sofa is unfolded, the room door is blocked, very small opening to enter the room. 
Too crowded at breakfast 
The view was bad, but it didn't bother me at all. 
A little too much style over practicality, 
Nothing 
Toilet doors in the suite to have more privacy Sliding doors, don't help. 
Few option for Halal Breakfast 
The spa was very disappointing: Just 5 cheap beds round the pool Nowhere else to sit The treatments. Weee nice, but not good value for money. 
I can't find any faults: 
In relation to the view from the room was originally given a room in the basement window faced a wall Asked to move which they kindly facilitated and got a slightly smaller room on the 4th floor. So I could see the sky but was looking out on a flat roof. As they said, the hotel was busy. There wasn't much choice, so I was happy that they moved us. 
Very small single room and an even smaller shower 2ft x, 2ft square, difficult to get in and out at my age 75. I am glad I was not obese To get to my room was by lift and stairs Not easy, with a suitcase Staff helped 
The rooms were quite small, even though we had a club room, In particular the bathroom. It was really small and the sink you couldn't even get your head near to brush your teeth and the tap that was on the sink was huge. 
Nothing not to like 
We were not happy with the room, it very small, fortwo people. It was difficult moving around each other as well has having our things in the way. 
There was an issue with pre payment authorizations, however, we did contact the hotel directly and they resolved the problem promptly. 
None of the windows in the hotel open, which can be a little stuffy in the rooms. This isn't down the the hotel, though, as the building is listed, and they cannot change the windows. 
We were booked into a Superior room, but the bathroom was accessed down steep stairs and that small that it was, in my opinion, dangerous 
Expensive, noisy 
The room was realy, small Bathroom was fine and okay. I think the temperature was too cold in the hotel. 
Bit scruffy in part and room rather small 
Location 
Room was quite small, 
I couldn't fault this hotel 
Very small room: 
Room and bathroom was a little on the small side. 
Room was so small and they said I had an upgrade. The other room must have been a shoebox 
The rooms 
Nothing that I can think of 
We were there on Friday. Night came back to the hotel at about 9pm thinking. We would like a quiet drink, But there was very loud, so called jazz being played in the only sitting area. There was another bar area, but we were told we could not use it. So the only place was our room for such a large hotel. There really should be somewhere to sit in comfort, 
The bathroom was small and the floor got wet when using the shower, as there was no step or tray to contain the water Made it slippery to use the toilet Glass door got in the way of the entrance. The spa facilities were poor and not very clean. Signage was lacking in the hotel, made it difficult to find out where to go for the spa, breakfast bar, etc. Unless you asked staff 
The hotel was a bit further from Kings Cross than expected. There was no draught lager available on Saturday night, 
Noisy aircon unable to open windows unable to use stairs and had to use lift 
Could not sleep all night, as the people next to us were screaming and talking very loudly, The room had a conjoining door. This may have made it worse, Tried, earplugs and knocking on the door, but it didn't help The gym facilities were falling apart and very small 
Big negative for me was the fact that the windows could nt open, so there's no fresh air in the rooms. The use of air conditioning for air resulted in me getting a really bad chest infection. The pay on demand TV system did not work for our entire stay and no proper effort was made to try and rectify it. 
Staff very unhelpful and not professional 
Lack of toiletries only had a soap and a conditioner bottle, no showergel or shampoo 
Location restaurant needs more selection, 
I was satisfied with all amenities and services. 
Room temperature air con did not work or was not effective or efficient. 
The experience and rudeness of staff and lack of information 
You can hear people from other rooms loud and clear. I couldn't sleep after 7am after the other guests woke up. The first guy on the reception was rude and unhelpful. 
Breakfast was too simple: 
Room is so stingy Staff's, not polite, except the taiwanese girl at reception. She is helpful Conversation with a male staff at reception on phone after checked in Me. Hi can i have 2 sets of tooth brushes. Please Staff. Sorry it's 10pm now and the housekeeping is closed. Me huh Closed. I thought hotels provide 24hour service Staff. Where did you read that we provide 24 hours service? Me Me? I need two toothbrushes, it's just basic request. I know it's 10pm, but i just checked in Staff yea, but we are closed. It'S 10pm Me 
No sweetener, only sugar for hot drinks in my room, Hairdryer was hard to use, as you had to constantly hold the button down for it to work. 
A room with a bath would've been nice, but we didn't put in a specific request. So that was something on us. 
Our room had a dodgy toilet flush and the evening menu in the hotel had nothing we liked, but there were plenty of places to eat close by 
Parking is not free for guests srayong2 at the hotel, 
Prices did seem a bit high. A kitkat from the mini bar at 3, 50 seemed rather excessive. 
Small issue, with some staff having very poor English Check In sent us to the wrong room trip back to reception, but very helpful and resolved quickly. Food and drink is very expensive in the hotel, but there are options for cheaper eating next door at the O2. If hotel, not in your price range, 
The direction indicator to the O2 was not clear. It would have been better on the door leading to the venue rather than on the garage notice, which made it look as if the entrance was through the garage 
We ordered tea in the morning and was disappointed with the operation of it. We asked for a large pot with at least 4 servings. We only got 1 cup and saucer lucky. There was a mug in the room, but we just managed to squeeze out 2 cups of tea All for 12 
Loved all of it, 
Bit out of the way, but only short, tube ride to central London 
The room for the price paid was small to have a King size bed. I use intercontinental Hotel for my leisure and business travels. A lot in the US thought I would get a similar sized room. 
Maybe the bathroom lighting could have been better, but nothing could really detract from how great this hotel is. 
1 member of staff, up in the 18th floor bar very rude made me and my lovely wife feel like we were not good enough to be there so spoilt our 25th wedding anniversary treat after a great day and night before hand 
I always usually need a twin room, and even though I books a twin, I am never down for a twin when I arrive, maybe I am doing something wrong. I was upgraded to a suite this time, which was fabulous. The whole set up is quality and I stay here every time I go to a concert at the 02 
The room service menu was not great. There was not much for people who eat halal. I suggest that there should be more on the halal and vegetarian options, also more standard foods, e g, More options for burgers, etc. 
Bit expensive 
Cocktails were nice, but pricey 
Remembering to scan room key for the lift 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Rooms were far too hot on both recent stays. 
No biscuits in room 
Waiting time to check in and out 
Nothing 
N, a 
Nothing 
Nothing 
None 
The service and staff are very low. The room Was dirty staines, all over the curtains terrace, with dirty pillows and wet kitchen smell all day, long coming inside the room. 
Can'T think of anything 
Hotels in London are extremely expensive compared to other places I have visited. Nadler is no different, and I know this is not their fault, but I would go back to London more often if it wasn't for the cost. 
Air condition needed maintenance and after it was fine, You can't open the windows. Most room have no views and some of them a little dark. 
Loudness of the tv 
The wifi was very, very bad. The shutters didn't block the sunlight 
Neither bar nor restaurant 
The first room we were put in superior was lovely and had separate shower and bath. Unfortunately, there were noisy children running around above us and I asked to be moved. The second room appeared smaller and without separate shower, which was disappointing. Please note that the first room's shower drain - I think it was 406 smelt terrible and we were able to detect the odour as soon as the door to the room was open and it was even worse when we went into the bathroom. The drain needs changing, or at least a professional clean. Both rooms showed wear and tear. We didn't dine in the hotel as there was so much choice elsewhere. However, if the prices had been more competitive, then I think we would have done 
I didn't leave my card details when I first checked in and wanted to use the mini bar. I called down to reception to add my card details but couldn't get through. I called 4 5 times with no reply, so called room service and explained. I wanted to add my card onto the room, so I could use the mini bar, but they couldn't help and offered to put me through. I was then on hold again for 5 minutes without answer. In the end I gave up as I didn't want to get dressed, to walk down to reception, for what should have been a simple task. 
Given the price of the room, I didn't like having to pay for a bottle of water out of the mini bar. It should be complimentary. 
No parking place, 
Someone let them selfs into our room. A drunk guest set off an alarm in the dead of night 
Having to face an office block Lighting in room, not very bright, 
The small touches could make a huge improvement, Complimentary water, clean towels and more shower gels, etc. 
Even though we booked over 6 months in advance, we asked for rooms side by side, as we had young children and were put at opposite ends of the hallway, which was a bit annoying. 
Nothing 
Nothing at all, 
We had a basement room, 
No breakfast There was an option, but was a limited continental Would prefer a buffet or more options. 
There wasn't enough toilet roll in room, which meant for an embarrassing visit to reception. 
Bed was very uncomfortable A early morning. Wake up call that was not requested. 
Lovely corner room had nice view, but street noise 
Breakfast is pretty basic, but hey you're in Paris. Why are you eating at the hotel when there are 20 cafes on each block? 
Absolutely nothing 
Would have preferred to have been told there was renovation being done in the bar lounge area. 
Unfortunately, the bar area was closed for refurbishment, but as soho is next to you, there was plenty to choose from 
Nothing 
The whole refit in rooms used to usethis hotel, often but didn't like the whole decor theam like it before minimal style, some, my like it not for me, 
It wasn't central and would have loved to stay more within the city. Hotel was good and we had a family room, but the hotel is more suited for business travelers For the price we paid. There is no entertainment option for kids in and around the hotel. 
All fine 
Nothing everything was perfect. 
Service at breakfast, poor, strong, cold coffee, 
All good 
Staff who couldn't speak English Public toilets in basement and one lift out of order, Asked aboutvdisabled on ground floor told there was not one, But there was right in the Sight line of receptionist. I do not think she understood a word outside her immediate duties. 
All facilities are badly maintained, Air conditioning, noisy and even broken down first night Called for help several times, but took 12 hrs. For someone to confirm the air conditioning is not working, Then it came with no hot water and we ended up using other room for shower at midnight, not even a word of apology from any hotel staffs. All staffs did not smile at all. This is the first time I receive such a poor service from Hilton. I would not recommend this hotel to any one. 
Room are small 
They did nor filled my needs. 
No daily replenishment of cookies in the room, 
Everything comes with a price tag: There was no even complimentary water in the rooms Breakfast in Hoi. Polloi was disappointing with coffee like cement and cold hollandaise on my eggs, benedict Lots of style, but missing substance. If you like, hip hotels in good neighbourhoods, I'd recommend the citizen M chain rather than Ace 
There was a heavy downpour I had to queue and ask for an umbrella at reception instead of a doorman offering 
Preferred Party Location to many people to noisy earliest sleeping Time after 2 am due to poor isolation. 
Felt like student accommodation, not 
Shower was mouldy, Room was dusty, Bedside light, not working vanity mirror in bathroom broken Two other lights in room. Not working Tv screen was to dark and couldn't adjust table in Grosvenor Arms was wonky, the staff in the Arms were miserable and the food menu was too limited. 
Took a long time to check in and also when we ordered breakfast vouchers at the desk, it seemed to take a long time. There was a lack of drawer space in the bedroom. 
Cramped room 
Bedroom was tiny, Telly and lamp didn't work Staff on reception, weren't, vey, helpful, 
Nothing 
A bit slow in being helped at the reception desk due mainly to a high volume of customers. 
The long checking in qeues 
Room very small: you would expect better for what you pay. 
No real complaints, Not really an English flair, more like a good business hotel, All the amenities were there. However, My wife says it was a typical businessman's hotel, with no place for a woman to set down and put on make up. Unfortunately, most hotels have this problem. Are there never any women involved in designing a hotel room, A good value for our money overall 
Everything was fine, 
Room was small, 2 of the 3 lifts were broken for multiple days Very difficult with children, n luggage, 
Small lifts Reception being on first floor. 
Didn'T like the glass door to the bathroom, not good for privacy, as I travelled with my teenage daughter, Especially with a mirror on the wall, opposite 
The hotel staff were not bothered to check an earlier promise by one of their managers two years before to upgrade me. Whenever I came again, They said they were anyway fully booked, But it would have been nice if they at least checked 
Toilets on Reception Level 3, the bins were always overflowing with paper towels 
Strange large grey box fixed to the wall in my room, which took up most of the space Strange 
Charge me 20 extra for nothing. 
The shower was poor and the bathroom door had no stopper so slammed into the tiled wall. When you opened it Also only 2 English breakfast teabags and a couple of milks in the room, a couple more would have been nice 
We were very happy with our stay and look forward to a returnvisitlocationperfect 
The bathroom was so small. I couldn't use the sink properly. I e I couldn't bend over while brushing my teeth. I kept running into turning into things Confusion as to what was the front desk, given that the lobby is between a cafe and a restaurant, Not clear what was and was not included in the price of my room. 
The hotel does not offer any iron service and the provided iron and iron board was outdated. Secondly, my provided credit card has been charged before arrival that I haven't approved in the first place and wasn't mentioned in the confirmation. I preferred to pay with an alternative payment method. The receptionist offered me to rebate my card and pay with another, but she mentioned that it my take up to one week that the bank is holding the funds, Keeping the rates in mind. I have paid per night. I found the hotel out dated 
The first room we were in was really disappointing. I'D booked the stay for my first wedding anniversary, The furtniture was shabby with chips and scratches everywhere. There were scratches and blotches on the walls scuffed carpet and the wallpaper was cheap and dated For 189 and a 4 room. It wasn't acceptable. I have never done so before, but requested a change of room which the man at reception kindly and quickly sorted. So we were switched to one of the much nicer, updated rooms They later brought us complimentary, champagne and patisserie from the bakery downstairs for our anniversary. Unfortunately, at about 3am we heard dripping and water was dripping rapidly through a light fitting. I rang reception and they said someone would come to check The water then started coming through another light fitting and through a crack in the ceiling. I had to put both bins underneath to catch the water. There were no other rooms available, so we couldn't be moved. We just had to move the bed and put up with it. We were given 30 off our bill in the morning. Apparently, it had happened in every room due to heavy rain but being from Yorkshire. I didn't think the rain was heavy enough to warrant every room leaking. Overall, I was satisfied with the staff and the location was excellent, but I'd been really looking forward to this anniversary stay and no pun intended. It was rather dampened by these issues. I'Ve stayed in comparable hotels in London, a lot and leaking ceiling aside. I don't think it was worth the 189 price tag. 
The rooms are incredibly small, The so called double bed could not realistically accommodate 2 adults. The wardrobe is non existent, just a mirror with hanging space at the back 
Water system, noisy 
Extremely small, but not surprising in London, A bit on the expensive end for such a small room. 
Nothing 
Be careful they try to add few extra charge without foundation to the invoice. They made more mistake than a five star hotel could ever Never ask bed for your child. This chain's other hotel is excellent, for example in Milan, but never again in London. 
Had coffee cheese and a croissant for breakfast and was charged 19 Euros Told that was the charge for breakfast, regardless of what I had Thought. That was not a very good feature of their breakfast on site. 
English standard breakfast is difficult to like. There is no whole milk, much less half and half, and the coffee has almost no caffeine. It won't wake you up at all. 
I had to phone several times to secure a meeting room. I tried to communicate by email, but no one replied back 
There is nothing that I didn't like other than Water pressure. Isn'T enough at top floors, Room size, tiny Carpets needs changing. Only single lift, No onsite restaurant Only bed and breakfast Above is a the list of lack of facilities at the hotel, not that I didn't like 
Expensive glass of wine, We had quite a small top floor room Whilst clean and comfy not really very big. 
Check in process very poor, Thick layer of dust under bed Impossible to reach reception from Handy device, Room phone did not work. 
A nicer room with bath 
A bath tub would have been nice, but that is a very small quibble Puzzled to be asked for photo ID never happened to me before in the UK. So I refused. I suggest this policy is reviewed. 
Woken by drilling in adjacent room somewhere at 7, 20am staff stopped it the moment we reported it but not ideal. Shame they don't do breakfast, but no big deal at there are facilities nearby, such as restaurants and supermarkets. 
We couldn't get the room phone to connect to reception, so when I needed to call I used my mobile, There was no leaflets booklets with tourist information about the local area, e g Imperial War Museum. There was some kind of mobile phone provided in the room, but no clear instructions on how it worked. 
No clothes drier 
Can you please keep water bottle daily 
Rate could have been a little cheaper as it was just the room for one night. 
Needs waste bin in room plus shelf in shower for shampoo, etc. 
It was fine 
Everything 
Parking very expensive, 24 per night, plus congestion charges around 11 50 a day So be careful if renting car Weekends, no congestion charges or if you drive back after 6 pm 
Bathroom is see through Not suitable when you have children, No spa 
Beds, bathroom counter storage space Door did not always close properly. We came back to our room one day after maid service and the door was not fully closed and not locked. 
Room was very small: Our safe was broken, which we reported twice, but it was never seen to Room key deactivated twice Carpet in the hall needs. A good clean and curtains in the room need a wash 
Standard rooms don't fit for a 4 star, as they claim furnishings are very basic. 
Please put more teabags in the room: 
Nothing 
We were little disappointed to not have a bath in the room when all the photos show lovely roll top baths, but the rain shower was good. Our cold tap was running hot too, not something I'd expect in such a pricey hotel, but it is an old building. I suppose, As mentioned before, they did let us take bottled water for free in recompense. The breakfast options were a little limited and incredibly over priced, considering how much the rooms are. So we did not bother 
Would prefer a communal breakfast space? 
This was the loudest hotel room. I have ever stayed in anywhere in the world in my life and I travel a lot Every time someone used a tap or had a shower. Above me, I sounding like Ayer was coming into my room. Every time someone walked passed. My down e down the stairs it sounded like it was happening in my room, Every sound and conversation the couple had in the room above me I could hear which was particularly annoying given it went on until 1am on a Sunday evening, And the bed was no Comfobale, So a really bad nights, sleep all round. I told the staff in the morning as thee response was: oh, that room has issues stay in anther ro next time. If you know about it, why let anyone stay in it? No apology or gesture to make up for it. 
Accessibility with luggage sucked Stairs at front entrance small hallways doors in hallways step between hallway and room Archaic and slow Wi, Fi 
The rooms are not spacious, 
Small room 
No elevator to our room room 21 below ground level, which is difficult if you have big heavy luggages 
The wi fi was terrible Had to go to a cafe around the corner to get decent wi fi 
The staff were very rude, Tried to charge me another 100 deposit on top of a 50 deposit that were both never mentioned. The 100 deposit was because I was suspected of smoking and was told to pay this or and the speech trailed off. But upon asking to see where, in the paper work I had signed said this, I was quickly told I heard wrong and I was not asked for a further 100 deposit In the morning I asked another manager who said is was part of the hotel policy to Ask for another 100 deposit, if suspected of smoking. I then asked to see the policy which he said he cannot show the hotel policy to hotel residents and if I had a problem to take it up with the general manger on Monday, I am yet to ring the hotel manager, but will very soon. I feel like what I looked like was used to judge and was not left to our own devices at all. 
The location is ideal for getting to the city, but the view from both your room and the main areas is appalling. From the restaurant you faced a graffiti wall The Saturday evening, whilst having our meal at the restaurant, there was this continuous boom boom. It transpired that there was a function on below us and they were sound testing. This constant boom boom vibrated throughout the restaurant, and we could still hear it on the forth floor. It continued until at least 2 30am. Whilst the food in the restaurant was tasteful again, it was not what l would call special. It had little choice for vegetarians. The family room booked for 4 people upon arrival only had cups, glasses and other extras for 2. Whilst this may have been an oversight, it clearly demonstrated that staff had not read the booking for 4 adults. The impression on photos of the room looked like two large double beds with plenty of room. This was not the case, and it was a tight squeeze for all The general value for money was a huge disappointment and l would not recommend this hotel for families or more than 2 adults per room. 
It was too warm for us with the thick douvet could have done with a blanket instead. 
Staff did not understand my request for room away from main street and above 2nd floor, though after explaining was given room on third floor facing main street. It was clear this particular staff had problem with understanding English, though he was professional about his work. Noise in room facing main street The room was so bright at night. You could read a book even with all lights switched off. 
Bedroom not designed for an able bodied person and a wheelchair person, not much thought put into the needs of both people Access into hotel, very difficult in wheelchair, for although there was a slope, the access door was locked and the bell was not obvious. 
Bathroom a little small and rubbish from the previous occupants left under the bed. 
Very small room, pillows, uncomfortable and noise in the corridors 2am for an hr, 
I always am given the room by the lift room was very small. 
Wifi was slow to the point of being unusable. 
Location too close to busy road very noisy, 
Breakfast buffet cold, when it should have been hot, Very expensive for what you get 
No bar or restaurant 
Service at breakfast was shocking Staff, unfriendly, often no glasses or bowls st the juice cereal buffet One day, the room hadn't been cleaned when we arrived back at 8pm after a busy day in the city, 
Service in Carluccios was very slow parking, expensive and pool a little on the small side. 
Bit far from main attractions, 
The room faced into other rooms I booked for park views. However, we arrived 2 hours before check in and were given the first available room, so we only waited 20 minutes for the room. 
Room 
The pillows were too soft Room was too small. 
The bedrooms were small 
Room extremely small bed, unconfortable Wifi, reception, very poor Lack of privacy in the bathroom 
Wifi was a little erratic in our room. 
Skip the 24Euro breakfast and walk to a local bakery for breakfast 
Friday morning, hot breakfast items - weren't vey hot, but better on Saturday morning, Wardrobe not long enough to hang iron dress as shelf in way single room. Number 510 TV at difficult angle to watch in bed Waiting staff brushing table crumbs on to floor from tables. That often came my way, But I'm being picky 
Wifi didn't work, half the time, TV connection kept dropping all the time Only discovered by chance. We could order a la carte breakfast options on the morning. We left V disappointed. We didn't know, as most food from the buffet was barely warm Overall, not impressed at all. 
Room was quite small, with limited storage space 
Lift was small 
Was kept awake both nights with doors banging And was ill after the breakfast on the first day, so went without the next 
Room was really small and pokey 
Can consider building a small gym room for exercising 
No parking 
The water in the shower was not draining well 
There'S nothing about my experience at The Chamberlain that I did not like 
The bathtub didn't drain properly, so when having a shower, we ended up with water up to our ankles 
No eggs except scrambled or salmon left left when we came down to breakfast with an hour of breakfast service to go. 
The lift was broken one morning fixed after a couple of hours. 
Flexible check in and check out options would be nice 
View from the window fire escape 
Location quiet at w end 
Room is a little small but great value and fine for 1 
Nothing 
Bathroom layout was odd and shower stall was small, No drawers for putting away clothes Could have done without the mini bar 
Had twin room found beds too small need to to a bit bigger 
The room was old tatty, not at all 4 star luxury 
The seating in breakfast area needs refurbished, Cramped, bedroom area, 
Nothing on this trip. 
Noisy air con, which didn't even work properly, 
Faster internet 
Small rooms, traffic noise, 
Steam bath could be a bit more powerful. 
Waiting too much for the lift Think 3 lifts is not enough specially when one is out of order. As the last week 
No restaurant 
Not Value for Money Rooms are very small and They charged 8 pounds per day. Extra for internet as internet is not free. 
The hotel generally is a bit shabby and being tucked down a corridor in a very scruffy room past, where the cleaners congregate with their equipment in the morning. I'M glad I was only there one night, 
First night was horrible: We woke up with the sealing leaking water all over the place. Room 1404 never stay there. 
Wifi was so slow that it was unusable, Very poor, sound insulation, 
Room fixtures a bit tired, 
Bed wasn't brilliant wifi was quite slow. 
General lighting in the Rom could be better 
Nothing 
The building is a little old 
The room was in the basement, lower ground and required going down and up some awkward stairs. The room itself smelled as if it had not been used, aired for some time like a damp cellar. 
Very narrow corridor Wall extremely thin, not sound, proof noisy affecting sleep 
Unlike previous visits, some of the staff were not service, oriented 
Disappointed with booking com, the room was 20 cheaper on another site, Also, despite stating that no money would be taken from my account to pay the hotel directly, which I did on arrival. However, money was blocked as pending transaction held for one week, which was very inconvenient as I was traveling overseas and in effect had paid twice as funds were not released for a week, Hotel staff. My bank tried to assist without success. 
Fridge needed to chill food drinks. There was a note that they don't work. I thought this was strange. The shower was very noisy, not sure why 
Housekeeping did not do a good job. Few times we had to ask them to refill our coffee and sugar. A drawer keep falling off. We told the reception about this already they fixed it but fell off again. We stayed in a junior suite. The room was smaller, then our expectation, but interior was nice. My mom stayed in a regular deluxe room and it was very small but well sufficient. 
The rooms are tiny and overstuffed with furniture. There was only around 60cm of space on each side of the bed, yet the room had a chest of drawers, big bedside tables, a desk, chair, etc. In it, The hotel has smoking rooms still and our non smoking room was on the same floor and across the hall from these. Needless to say, the smell was terrible. 
The size of the room, 
Slowly, room service; 
The towels were not very soft, 
Room was a little small for families. A bath would be better 
Breakfast took a long time to be served. 
Nothing 
Not much, It is a little pricey, but it's the best. There is, if you get in from Heathrow late, 
It rained and the room got flooded. 
Poor service, no free internet in the room, no sleepers, 
Nothing 
Wifi needed to pay 
The room is small view on garbage, As an spg member didn't expect that They didn't suggest for a club room. 
Rooms and bathrooms a little small 
The bathroom was a little on the dark side. 
The blinds in our room allowed light to come in during the early hours of the morning, so we woke early, The heated towel. Rail was coming away from the wall in the bathroom, and it looked as though it could do with a bit of modernisation and painting. The bedroom itself was small and slightly odd, shaped being on the corner of the building. 
Limited options at breakfast: 
Only one complimentary small bottle of water per stay 
Everything was great, 
Lift was a bit slow, 
No minibar or coffee station in room 
Nothing 
Small bathroom ground floor room on busy street so cannot open, blinds. 
Room was a little small, particularly the bathroom 
Nothing 
The breakfast was expensive, 
The breakfast was very poor. Very few fresh products sticky floor not appealing nor tasty food. 
The accidental fire alarm early in the morning, 
Location wasn't as convenient as other places, but the tube was easy to use. 
Not satisfied with the room at all, as it was mobility, accessibility room and they did not change the room. For me. 
Room is small, 
Little in anything, 
Checking in could still be improved. 
I don't think I have anything bad to say about this hotel. Despite the little technical problem i had with my TV, everything was excellent, as the staff were very good at make sure everything in my room was how it should be. 
Poor shower telly on low volume cannot turn up as preset treated like a child. Wife has a massage, massage good, no candles or ambience to room at all. Spa pool cold also came here for roof top bar bar, not there no more, which is a shame. Restaurant food, ok, but whole area, god do with a rethink, very bland 
For 180 a night, I would have hoped that a full English breakfast be included. We got a continental breakfast, but it was very limited. 
Nothing to quibble really, but maybe a booklet with brief notes about hotel and times of breakfast spa opening would have been handy. 
Couldn'T complain about a thing 
The staff speak with very strong French accent, English, which I have a little problem to listen to 3 people stayed in the room, but only provided 2 people's robes and toothbrushes and slippers A 5 star hotel should have prepared for us. However, the service is incredible, so I don't find this too disappointing. 
Loved everything 
Very loud neighbours, Sound proofing of rooms, isn't great Woken at 3, 30 in morning to voices and giggling Huge TV with terrible sound, Not a great service. When we left, We weren't asked how our stay was or thanked. 
I booked a cot for my one year old. When I arrived at the room at 7 30. They had made the sofa into a bed, I complained and it took an hour to resolve, By which time my daughter as very tired and upset. I had to make three phone calls to resolve First to housekeeping then to reception and another to housekeeping I booked into the hotel on return from Paris so that my daughter wouldn't be late to bed, Which clearly was not the outcome. Ps small pot of M Ms 6 
The bed seemed to be two singles pushed together, so it had a weird dip after some time of rolling about in it, The TV peaks volume level 25, which can be annoying. If someone is showering, while you are watching tv Food at the hotel is craaaazy high. We ordered food in the area. There are so many places to eat in shoreditch, 
Check in could have been faster, 
The only downside was the spa being half closed on the Monday morning without any notice, And not that it was a massive problem, but the tablets that control all the lights and Aircon in the room all crashed once during the stay. But I managed to sort that 
Room took a while to cool down warm up. 
Did not replenish bathroom toiletries, shower gel, etc? 
Staff friendly, but unresponsive to requests bath was small. 
There was nothing 
Not all staff Spock, English 
The technology was slow and often had to turn the TV off to make it work. 
I thought the staff at reception could have been more friendly. When I was checking out. I wasn't asked if everything was alright. I have stayed here a few times before and I thought the whole atmosphere has disimproved somewhat 
Hotel could put directions on web site telling best route to take to Hotel, especially if coming from International Train Station from Paris etc. Once you get on the Jubilee line, it's a straight shot to Kilburn Station, then catch any bus on the same side of the street. As the station and on to the Hotel, a mile or so, this info would have been a big help, especially when carrying your luggage. 
Bathroom, looked like it needed a refresh, but shower was very good and it was very clean. Cricklewood High Street isn't the prettiest place in London, but that's why the price is reasonable. 
Only negative was unable to have a late drink with friends, as residents did not think it would be a problem. 
Bathroom sink plug, didn't close and wasn't repaired after reporting to the staff. 
More room in the bedroom Also chicken burger on bar menu was expensive for such a small piece of chicken with limited garnish 
Nothing really 
We'Ve been twice in a short period, The first time the double room was really tiny. We could only open the luggage in the bathroom The second time. The double room was PERFECT, With the necessary comfort to move in the room and to manage our luggage, which had several pieces at that time. 
I asked how far the O2 was and got told a 7 minute walk. No, no way it was 2 trains away being on my own. I was not very happy other than that. It was ok. 
Hot stuffy room air con not working properly Filthy windows, Wallpaper ripped and worn bedside furniture, tatty, carpets, worn and damaged bathroom door, latch worn, making door difficult to open from the inside Shower from another era controlled by bath. Taps Poor shower curtain too, resulting in wet floor. Carpets in corridors worn out and tatty nasty, musty aroma to these areas too. All in all this place is around ten years overdue. A complete renovation 
Although the price seems like it is cheap, you have to pay extra for everything like the swimming pool and Wifi, which can fool you and sometimes comes to the same as others, if not more, with extras like breakfast and all 
The hotel has seen better days, including the stairwell carpets, which were quite threadbare. The common parts are in need of decoration, The quality of the towels in the bathroom was not too good, and there was only one set of toiletries for two people. There was an item of drug paraphernalia in the hall 
Construction going on all around the hotel, so many paths closed Had to pay extra to use, hotel pool and spa, which was a health hazard in itself. Stairs leading to changing rooms and pool were filthy pool. Tiles didn't look like they had ever been cleaned. Wood was rotted in the sauna floor, had food and hair on it outside The shower outside sauna had a hot and a cold button had to press both at same time in order not to scald or freeze yourself, Pasta in pizzaria was microwaved. Staff were incredibly rude in all areas of the hotel. At one point, my aunt was asked to repeat: if you understand now, The wifi was incredibly slow and power points or lack there of were very dated, like the decor in whole hotel. The only part of this review I gave more than a sad face was the location I wouldn't even give the hotel a 2 
Room was far too hot and air conditioning didn't work Happened on my previous stay and a staff member had to open a window with a screwdriver. Unfortunately, the huge vents outside were really noisy with the window. Open Hardly slept all night 
The guy that served us was not very professional, as he was telling us about other customers situation and we just wanted to get to our room. The car park was so small and there was no parking at all. My car was stuck between two cars. All they told us he was a first come first serve Was not very happy at all. 
The building site next door, Dirty windows, spoiling lovely view, See photos 
Access was a little tricky due to local construction works in the area, but these did not adversely impact on my journey time or cause any noise issues inside the hotel. 
The staff were not at all welcoming, I would go so far as to say jaded, if not unhappy at obe point seen, arguing with a customer in front of customers. The double bed I selected wasn't a double bed at all, but two single beds, zipped together and very poorly and uncomfortably at that So cheap Such a bad sleep. There were mice scurrying around all over the property, in full view of customers from the main lobby to near the dining and bar areas to inside my room, where I saw mice on two occasions. During my stay, The room itself had too much wear and tear with walls, visibly stained marked and damaged and the toilets showing mould in the shower Totally careless, I asked for a non smoking room, but the room I got reeked of smoke everywhere from the curtains to The toilet So bad, I want a full refund 
The lifts were badly adjusted with dangerous gaps between the leading edges, og, the car doors 
Parking was horrible, The parking garage is very narrow and we drove in and out again when noticng it was full Near the entrance of the garage. There were 3 members of staff walking around who did not inform anyone At least 4 other cars behind us drove in and back out again, Then I walked up to ask where else we could park in the area and were told to just check out all the Side streets and park there, Then we drove around to find out that all parking there is for residents only After 30 minutes or so when then parked at the westferry circus garage, which is a 10 minute walk away. Since the garage did not mention maximum duration of parking, we On the hotel itself, the furnishings are a little outdated. The carpets on the stairs, for instance, are quite worn. Wifi did not work. There was a card in the room with details, but the network could not be found on either of the phones we had with The room itself was nice and clean? Beware of the shower Water pressure is very good, but the screen in front of the bath is fairly small. So if you do not twist the shower head to the wall for an inch or so the whole bathroom will get wet, The head is fixed to the wall and people over approx. 1 85'm will not be able to stand under without squatting a little. If I would have paid full price for this hotel frankly, I would have been very disappointed. Comparing to some 3 and 4 star hotels in London I have visited. This. Hotel is more a 3 than a 4 star based on room comfort, staff and parking 
Every part of this stay was horrendous From start to finish, When we arrived, the sockets did not work so could not charge our phones before heading out for dinner. The room was dirty. I Woke up in the morning to the bathroom flooded water had come all the way out to the room, wetting bags, shoes, toiletry bags, etc, Could not get reception on phone for ages. Nobody came to clean. The mess could not get hold of a GM breakfast was awful Dry. Toast was all we could stomach eating as place was so dirty. Needless to say, we are in process of looking for a full refund from the hotel. 
Nothing 
Bathroom could of been to a better standard, but everything in the bathroom did work perfectly fine. 
The phone wasn't working in the room, The steam room was out of action. They, the Sheff, wasn't there to make sandwiches all day on menu. There was no body there to do the massage in spa And when I mentioned my concerns to the staff and management, they seemed not bothered about the issues Or to give a solution All round. I think the the management and staff need to listen to the guests. You can't offer these facilities without providing them. 
Nothing, it was great 
Hotel is very tired and overpriced for what it is Needs knocking down and replacing or complete renovation Beds, poor with thin mattresses, 2 singles pushed together to be a double, etc. 
The room I had could do with a bit of a spruce up, especially the the en suite bathroom. However, it was all clean. The Pizzeria in the hotel served very poor food. The Indian retaurant in the hotel served deceent food 
As above 
Wifi is not for free, which felt a bit like early 2000's 
The fire alarm went off and no one said anything i wasnt sure if i needed to get out or not, but by the time i put my clothing back on from swimming the alarm atopped. So i stayed in my room also when i went swimming noe. One told me i had to sign in this is something reception. Shld have told me whn. I checked in as i did ask her the swimming times. 
No air con 
We WERE VERY DISATISFIED WITH THE CHAMBERMAID 
The location from the tube station Canary Wharf is not easy to find the hotel 
A c did notwork ave, 28 5 C in the room, noisy elevator close by not as clean as it should be. 
Needed to get into argument with staff before getting a car park, space 
Loud groups of tourists, 
Although the area has been recently developed and is still being developed, the room was very old. Looking and no opening window 
Beds a little hard and pillow 
Noise at night, 
Staff was very rude: 
Nothing, it was all perfect. 
Decor dated, but not complaining as such value for 119 
Rather not say 
No window in room, Expensive, n, basic 
Probably not considering value 
I understood breakfast was included in my price when booking, however, hotel had no record of this and insisted on charging 
Place is old, not worthy of 4 stars. 
Place is old, not worthy of 4 stars. 
Rooms very small street noise shower was very small and there was a blue led light in the bathroom. So I couldn't see properly No answer when ringing front desk and no answer when ringing room service. 
Shower pressure was weak, 
Redecorating, But not a problem: 
Nothing 
The rooms are very, very small, The construction was distracting and the breakfast left a lot to be desired. 
Compact room and poor water pressure in the shower 
Disappointed room was not ready on my arrival at 2 pm and was mislead as to how long it would be wasting over an hour. Also, the air conditioning would not turn off giving me's headache. 
The key cards were a bit of a swine to operate. 
Executive club is poor, 
Maybe one more towel rack in the bathroom would be good to dry towels overnight. 
Tea and coffee facility area was crammed into a very small area, and the bathroom layout was a little impractical, though that is being very picky. The most impractical thing for me was the lack of good lighting by the mirror in both bathroom and bedroom. 
It was fine, Not much room around bed, but apart from that, I think was okay and starter place for our tour. 
As above 
Usual London Hotel issue with expensive, fixed price breakfast, when all we want is a coffee and croissant 
Nada 
No vegetables for breakfast 
Being charged 40 for a very poor, buffet cooked breakfast 
Room in basement 
It wasn't a full double bed and the lights were broken. I had to turn the air con off for full darkness. 
Rude staff, terrible management Problem with the electrics in the room meant we couldn't charge, phones, use kettle TV or hairdryer. These issues were not dealt with appropriately by management. We felt very badly treated. We shan't stay here again. 
We were put on the top floor of an annexe across the road with only one stairway and no other means of fire escape 
The room wasn't clean, there was no refrigerator, the television was very poor and it was a basement room with no view. Despite having a window, The wallpaper was damaged and there was a huge mould or damp stain on the ceiling. 
No marking with the shower choices and the temperature adjustment, Bad for the business itself and inconvenient for customers. 
The food and drink within the room appeared to be free, but the prices were hidden behind the food and drink 
No problems at all 
The cook breakfast wasn't the best specially the horrible eggs 
Overslept because the bed was so comfortable, 
Nothing 
Nothing 
The Building Site 
It was great 
Gym was not great 
We had elevator and hot water issues. The management did a good job of compensating us accordingly. 
They did not do any of my request. I, for even though I rang up 3 days before to guarantee it was done. If your looking for a romatic break. This is not the place. 
Bar prices could be cheaper, 
The view from the room was poor, looking across to other rooms, No outside view at all Very wet rainy. On first day, concierge had no umbrellas to pass out. 
Very dusty under beds didn't going looking underneath you could see under as had raised base on bed crumbs on floor friends from previous guests. Tea could have been hotter at breakfast, but we got a fresh pot once we had asked the waiter the first one came from the end of a large pot of tea, Also tables in restaurant, very low felt crouched over when eating, and I am not very tall. 
If you are the type of tourist that walks a lot to save transportation money, this hotel is not for you. I did not have any other food choice beside the hotel, restaurant and the room service. I personally feel that the location is not as good as advertised. Yes, it is next to the River Thames, but there is really nowhere to eat shop nearby. I would not mind walking 20 minutes to the city center to get some food, but we have to remember the saying It's always raining in England. Twenty minutes of walk under the rain can get very uncomfortable, But to be fair, there was a big construction surrounding the building, so some restaurants shops might be closed. During my stay, 
The room could have been cleaner, particularly the floor and bedside cabinets. The queue for breakfast was something I would not have expected from an Hotel of this standard. 
The location of the hotel is approximately 10 mins walk from Vauxhall tube station, So unless you take a taxi everywhere be prepared to walk. If you get a room on the side of the railway lines, it will be a noisy experience with disturbed sleep. The trains run frequently past midnight and resume quite early in the morning. 
Missing curtains couldn't tell what the weather was as, although had a window couldn't see the sky 
There were fire alarms during two separate nights, Both turned out to be false alarms, phew, but the hotel evacuation during the first night was rather chaotic and did not really give me confidence that a real situation would be handled very well. However, the upside is that the fire station is literally 50m away. 
Even though it's near the attractions it's a lot of walking around which I didn't mind, but it did tired us out quickly. 
Could have been a book, giving information e g check out times and meal times, Also no food available in bar or restaurant after 10. 30. Hard luck! If you have been to the Theatre, 
Rooms didn't seem to be clean Floor was dirty Staff didn't really communicate with each other Looks good, but flawed. 
Bigger shower 
I don't think anything could have been better 
The hot breakfast was cold, Very disappointing 
I found nothing dissatisfying 
Being charged for doubles in the bar, when we only wanted singles 
The view no fridge no face washer 
Price of drinks at bar 
Room service is poor. 
Everything was perfect, 
Limited choices in breakfast, low air conditioning, poor cleaning, 
Nothing 
Extremely poor room service - they mention 24 hrs service, but had to wait for 3 hours for food better to eat dinner outside do not expect room servoce to even pick up. Your call at night had to walk to the front desk at 1. Am to request for food and water 
Amazingly rugby louts singing at the bar long queues at check in dated decor 
Can'T think of anything 
The room was in First floor, looking at the hotel carpark early morning, I heard engines 
There isn't air conditioning in every room, so we had to open windows to cool down, which then meant traffic noise. 
Concierge on duty in the evening was scruffy rude and incompetent 
Would have loved a king sized bed for this room type. 
Bed too soft would take out. Carpeting Shower could be much better. We stayed in ground floor. Maybe there are better rooms above It is a Victorian House made Hotel so that the entrance Hall is small. 
Standard double room was very small, The bed was crammed against the wall and the shower cubical was tiny. 
Nothing 
Views from bedroom, not great 
The entrance door of the room would not close by itself, and you had to close it by force and make sure it's locked, which is not good for security. The tab at the bathroom was loose and was not working properly and though I did mention it to the reception, nothing was done about it. The breakfast was OK and ordinary. Compare to the price they charge. 
Staff need to be trained well, It was a electrical interlocking in one of our room cracks in air conditioner on the ceiling and potentially this could lead to a fire. But it did take a time for us to find somebody from hotel personnel and invite them to the room to look what has happened. They did try to find any excuse. Do not come to the room When I managed to bring receptionist and some other hotel staff to my room. They did not know where the electric fuse box was located to turn off the electricity. It was a really dangerous situation for hotel guests. 
All expect location, 
There were several broken things in the room. The reception manager was quick to act and change to another room, but even in the room there were small things, not working, NO EUROPEAN PLUGS in the room, atall And no adaptors in reception. Either. You need to use the TV to charge your phone 
I asked early check in didn't get it. I asked Late check out, didn't get back to me on that and didn't get. It Asked to include breakfast and they charged me Asked from the concierge from recommdetsiones nearby. He told me that he is now in London and don't know places in London On the first day. They didn't clean my room until 18 00. The Key didn't work, half of the time The servers where bad in breakfast 
Overall, I was really disappointed with my experience. We were upgraded to a junior suite, but it was disappointing. The wall paper was coming away from the wall. The shower didn't work properly. I shower head, didn't work and when you turned it on, it came away from the wall. The cushions looked grubby and I just didn't feel we got value for money. We were attending the cinema there so booked the hotel as an extra on the Saturday afternoon. When we first arrived, we couldn't get a seat in the bar, as it is set out for groups all tables we occupied by couples and had so many seats left, but not that were socially acceptable to sit on, as others were at the table. The leather seating at the bar was also tatty and needed, replacing The tables at breakfast ALL wobbled and I don't mean a little wobble, which could be fixed with a menu but were unstable to a point that you worried. Whilst cutting your food, The food at breakfast was lovely but ruined by the tables, which is not what you expect for a 5 hotel. I raised my concerns at check out but didn't feel they were addressed or listened too 
Breakfast until 10h30, but as from 9h50 empty plates, such as the fruit, were not filled up anymore. Every morning we had to ask 3 times for our coffee Furniture needs. Some updating cloth on the chairs were ripped. We had an old room not shown when booked and its old fashioned and somewhat worn out 
Initially, the toilet didn't flush in my brother's room. The battery did not work in the safe and the staff could not provide a bottle opener for the room when he ordered 4 bottles of Peroni 
It took on average, 5 mins or more for reception to answer the phone. When we wanted to ask anything, This was quite annoying. So as long as you don't need anything you're, fine 
Wifi connection, not good no iron in room; 
Smallish room, but you get what you pay for No valet parking. 
Room was extremely small single room and I thought the place felt very impersonal. 
The neighbourhood was pretty quiet at night, but not too convenient if you're looking for somewhere close to the coach station or sites. The elevator is very small. It'S fine when you're my size and on your own, but not so convenient for two women with luggage in tow. We had to take it up one at a time to our rooms with our luggage and the elevator runs pretty slowly, so it took a few minutes to go up and come back down. The walls of the hotel are somewhat thin. You can hear when people walk past your room Other than that we didn't have any issues with the accommodations themselves and we had a great time. 
Small room 
Hall light came under door in room View in room was looking into someone elses room, so I never opened my curtains 
Breakfast did not look particularly good, so chose to eat elsewhere, also an additional 12 12 50, if not pre bought on arrival. 
Very small room size in the basement: 
Maybe the room was little to small, but the probelem was the missing of an ordinary chair. 
The lift is slow and below average, for this type of hotel. 
The room and bathroom was very small for the price i paid. 
Bathroom was too small: 
Everything was perfect, 
Another soft pillow in the bed would have been nice, but that's it Great hotel, really. 
Size of rooms were a bit small 
The only breakfast provided is left in a paper bag outside room. You get fresh orange juice, a pot of yoghurt with granola and a banana You make your own coffee in the room with real coffee bags and fresh milk is provided. That might be just what someone wants, but if you are on holiday or have a long day ahead, you might prefer a sit down breakfast to be included. You can buy breakfast in the restaurant in the foyer 
The area is pricey, but we knew that already 
Room was tiny and it certainly wasn't a Deluxe suite, which apparently they don't have, but it's what I paid for on Booking com, I had something called a snug would have thought twice before booking a room called snug. Also, really don't like the idea of hanging a bag outside my hotel door, so staff can pop breakfast bits in ridiculous concept. Just offer me breakfast in the price: simple 
Bar always crowded with non hotel users, Very small rooms becoming rather expensive, Not budget anymore 
It was pointed out, I had been upgraded from single to double Good in theory. Yet room was well compact, OK for me, but not sure where a second person would have squeezed in 
Tv was terrible, remote didn't work properly. I had problems with the internet when phoned down to the night staff. He said I had to wait till the technical team were available in the morning when I spoke to daytime staff. They explained the problem and it was a quick fix. Probably should have been informed when checking in Parking was an issue I informed them. Prior to arrival, I will need a parking space. When I arrived, there was no parking spaces, so I had to park out the from of the hotel. I done all that was asked of me to get a ticket through phone which cost over 18 to find. I still got a parking ticket. This all would have been avoided if they accepted my request prior to booking In the elevator. There is a sign for 24 hour food service when I phoned down for this service around 1am, the guy on the desk said no. Its not available was very rude about it as well. 
We were disappointed as we thought the breakfasts were inclusive and should had been for the cost of the rooms at 450 per night. I have checked on your website after returning and you are advertising the same rooms for a lot less. Please explain why. 
The lack of Spa Facility 
There was little I didn't like One thing was that one of the bath robes had a dirty sleeve and there was a small amount dust on the surface of the glass box in the room. Also, there was a mark on the bathroom floor which looked like dirt at the first glance. 
Paying for car park 
Service was a little over the top 
The male deputy reception manager, rafael, had an appalling attitude. Deeply upset me and offended me to the point I was annoyed. I would not use Hilton again because of his lack of empathy and disregard for a clients, requirements Rooms are tiny also and shower was dirty. I was told the hotel doesn't book through booking com and any requests made via the site are not noted or actioned Internet would not work on any device. I had either and once again the manager was not interested and said he couldn't help. This was the worst hotel experience I have had in six months. 
No kids running around bar at11pm and noise fm event. 
Late check out was 20 an hour. 
Coffee and tea were stored in a cupboard which I discovered only on my second stay in the hotel. 
Noisy slamming doors Couldn't lie in Staff, not overly friendly, except for one porter Adrian Balmoaga. He was excellent. 
Noisy nearby construction room door that required slamming to close 
Attitude and felt strange 
Nothing needed to be changed. 
Car park facilities were not clearly sign posted, so we ended up parking in the wrong car park. The station car park and paying more than we needed harder to access with a lot of luggage. 
Same eeekend as London bike ride my fault. 
Only one lift in service, not two 
The continental breakfast and the price of the drinks at the bar 
The hotel needs to be upgraded. I had a single room which was good value for money, but it was just that a single bed and very small room not often found in hotels these days, 
Not accessible so don't book here if you're in a wheelchair, because there are 3 steps to get to the lifts. 
Hotel a little shabby cold do with all round refurb, But not a deal. Breaker 
The room was filthy and very old. 
Nothing 
Room was a little small for what was paid 
A bit noisy, creaking, floorboards and late night drinkers. 
The photos advertised on the pages showed nice vintage bath tubs. What I didn't know was that there were only a select few rooms that had them The shower rooms I had in my room were good, but I was expecting a bath tub. I asked reception and they said that it should have been stated in the requests section during the booking. At least I know for next time. Some of the lighting for say the dressing table was obscure and difficult to find. 
Windows bedroom was difficult to open all the way for air 
Nothing 
I got very small smelly room on the 4th floor and shower was broken In general. The picture? U see in booking doesn't really reflect the type of room. U will get 
The temperature in the fitness room Too hot 
Our room was very musty, either a drain or damp problem. All the windows were open when we arrived and we soon found out why, when we shut them, Given our short stay, we didn't make an issue of this, but I did mention it when checking out 
Cost of breakfast very, very expensive and not alot on the plate. 
The steep staircase to our bedroom, 
The site has a parking symbol on this hotel, but there is no parking on site. The nearest is 5 mins, walk away at 40 a day. 
One window was dirty and dusty: 
Service at reception, they didn't seem to be expecting us. We had to be asked to be directed to our room, bar restaurant, etc. Concierge was having a very loud telephone conversation with a temporary member of staff who had gone home early Service in bar, very slow and at points non existent TV, remote, didn't work in shower TV, didn't work 2 people in room, but only 1 packet of crisps and 1, chocolate bar in the mini bar, although, more importantly, there were 2 of each beverage huge sink in the bathroom made bathroom a bit of an obstacle course very expensive room rate when you consider that no breakfast was included, Turned out that booking com was not the Best rate that had been available, but by the time we found this out, the hotel had sold out of the offer. 
Bedroom had no natural light or window view. 
Windows, long overdue for a clean 
N, a 
Not up to previous standards, poor value for 300 per night 
The bar closed very early 
The bar was under staffed with only one person serving on a Saturday night, 
Our room was a little on the small side, but was very comfortable and well fitted out. 
Room very small and not airconditioned 
No garage the only option to park you car is next hotel garage for 27 per day. 
This was our third stay at this hotel and it was our worst. Our room was on the road side and we didn't get much sleep because of the traffic noise Plus. I always look forward to the big screen tv only to discover ours wasn't as big as the last time A bit disappointed with the stay 
Nothing, this is our new go to boutique hotel. For short, London stays 
Strange pod, bathroom for the price we didn't think it was great value rates, obviously vary a lot. We stayed on a Saturday night, 
Leaving 
Bed layout 
Nothing 
Nothing 
No biscuits with complimentary tea 
Noises, sir conditioning in room 
The room was incredibly small. We had no room to keep our suitcases in the room. We had to empty our clothes into a tiny closet and store our suitcases under the sink in the bathroom. The double bed mattress was poor. The air conditioning unit in the room had a hose out the window, so the window had to sty open, Not good when it was raining Mould in the bathroom, We've stayed in Earl's Court before and love the location and do not expect anything but a smallish room, But this was quite unbelievable. 
There was nothing that I didn't like 
Breakfast a bit limited Basement room, not good. 
Rooms too, small Coffee cups, very tiny paper, disposable cups Smells at the corridors Front of hotel full of rubbishes 
The quality of food on near restaurants, 
The Design and the Details in the Hotel are fantastic, The Service absolute Top notch. Only the free Wifi is much too slow for proper use. 
Service was a little slow in replenishing coffee, Unable to see additional knives for pastries and toast Bars were very busy and noise level high, But great for younger guests. 
Room'S electrics kept tripping out. Someone came at 05 45hrs on a Sunday to knock and wake my wife to fix it. When the electric box was outside the room in the corridor, No security latches on the door to enable slight opening to check ID very insecure. As a Security Consultant, I feel this needs to be addressed. 
It was our silver wedding anniversary and we received a complementary bottle of red wine. Perhaps the only disappointment Fizz would be more appropriate. 
The bed was ordinary Good sheets, but standard bed, nothing like Sofitel beds. I didn't like coming from the other side of the world and having no view when I could tell the hotel was not fully booked. I didn't like not being able to book the Curzon Mondrian through Concierge. I didn't like housekeeping knocking on my door to get in at 8am. I didn't like cups stained from previous users. I didn't like not being able to reduce the aircon down lower than 19 degrees as we had come from winter and needed it a bit cooler 
Looked better on the website Too expensive for what was offered 
Lack of pool and leisure facilities, 
Customer service wasn't good, the price doesn't justify the facilities. 
Could not enter the restaurant to sit and have a bottle of wine outside bit of a pain Outside bar closed at 10pm. 
Nowhere to leave your luggage, except under the stairs at reception, so didnt feel safe to leave luggage. 
Room wasn't ready when we arrived, so got moved to a floor, much higher up with no lift Had a dirty towel and bathroom had mold Struggled to get through the thin hallways to our room as they were stacked high with washing 
A little more space and extra drawer and wardrobe space 
I probably got the smallest room in the entire Hotel Advertised were 14 m2. The real room felt like 7 m2, Like a maidens room in a classic house. On one side, there was a sloping wall from the Roof. It felt quite tiny Temperature in there was very hot because it was on the last floor On my departure day, a staff member approached in my room in the morning just to check drinks in the mini bar Strange. I didn't feel very welcome in this Hotel. 
Air conditioner unit leaked all over the floor at one point and was incredibly loud, the rest of the time Hairdryer provided, but one blew a fuse and the next one would only work for 10 seconds at a time. Breakfast was a rip off 13 95 for full English, but my mother only wanted the bacon and tomato so was given. Half a tomato and 1 rasher of bacon And the continental selection was poor on 2 of the 4 days. They ran out of fruit by the time we got there at 8ish. 
We were on the top floor, which was fine but could have been an issue if I struggled with stairs 
The room is in the basement and will need to carry the luggages down the stairs, No lift 
Nothing 
The room was absolutely tiny and stuffy 
I did not like the bathrooms. The facility in general is very old and need major renovation. The carpets in corridors are very old and dirty 
Checking in is always a below par experience. 
I booked the hotel based on the Mecure Terminus Nord website, which looked really good, beautiful old foyer, huge breakfast room and lovely privilege room. It was expensive, but what I thought would be value for money, given its rather swish. Look After we checked in, we were sent to a supposed privilege room that only had a double bed and huge stains on the carpet After I complained loudly and bitterly seeking a full refund if they could not find us more suitable accommodation, we were shown to a Privilege room the same as the one I booked by phone and pre paid as shown on their website. However, the hotel is undergoing MAJOR renovations, which I did not see any reference to on the hotel's own website. Nor was it mentioned during my phone calls to the hotel prior to my travel, So no big breakfast room instead, a small buffet breakfast on offer at the temporary first floor reception Despite us being told that demolition reconstruction works did not begin until noon. Every morning, at around 9am or earlier loud banging and crashing woke us up, Then came the power outage. We were on the fifth floor and had to negotiate the ancient stairs as the elevator was not working As a result of the power outage, everyone was relocated to another Mecure hotel. We were taxied to Mecure Montemartre, which was actually awful and then expected to make our way back to Mecure Terminus Nord under our own steam. After we did return to Mecure Terminus Nord, we had a further two power outages due to the renovations one, with no notification. No water and no elevator again after heavy rain, flooded the lift well Also despite wi fi, supposedly being available throughout the hotel. It was only very very occasionally available in our room. There were issues with the pre paid accommodation me being billed on my credit card account for accommodation already paid for Reception staff was hopeless. 
Slow lift and only 1 working 
Very small bed, not at all, like the pictures on the website. 
The location might not be ideal if you're in London for tourism or want to be in Central London, But the hotel is accessable through public transport and it takes about 45 minutes to Central London. 
A little bit far from underground, but it doesn't really matter because of the bus. Stop nearby 
The hotel was a little out of the way 
The only problem we had was poor wifi, reception, 
Bit cleaner in the bedroom, but bathroom was spotless. Bed seemed twins pushed together. 
Chose online to arrive at hotel at 11 AM Room was unavailable until 2 PM and weren't notified until we were at reception, Food and drink was expensive. 
Loved everything, apart from room, was at the bottom of restaurant bar stairs so noisy on the first night. But no noise on other nights stayed for 3 nights staff, apologised and a free breakfast was given 
The pool was a little small, but otherwise great The touch pad in the room was sometimes a little temperamental. Also, especially the air con function, which was frustrating as the room was very hot when we arrived No windows either. So this was too warm for us. Luckily, it was a beautiful night, so had drinks on the rooftop bar, which was great 
The light on the control pannel did not turn off at night and was extremely light and kept us up most of the night. Our button for room service did not work. Having us go down at 11pm to order food 
The breakfast was a total disappointment. They do not do hot food, just a buffet style breakfast that consisted of a few slices of dry bread, cereal, some miserable pieces of cheese and smoked salmon Was such a let down as the hotel is so great and has so much to offer. 
Nothing 
Breakfast was mediocre: 
You can't get a table in the restaurant, because another company runs it For a premium hotel. That is ridiculous. 
No parking facilities but could have opted for valet parking, but only if you trust London valet parking 
The smell of perfume in the lobby was too strong and the smell of cigarettes just outside the front door was also unpleasant. 
Needs a tv in bathroom, loud screeching, noise at 7am in morning, water pipe issues in the hotel, horrendous leak in bathroom, shower design, water pours all over the bathroom floor, no pool or spa, expensive food and drinks no discount offered for breakfast at check in hairdryer was Faulty wet towels were taken an turndown time, but not replaced 
Nothing 
Tube noise in the room, every 2 minutes Stains on some furniture. 
We had to improvice with 2 bedrooms for 8 people instead of the reserved 2 personsroom and a familyroom for 6 
A little disappointed with the overall standard of breakfast Hot food, looking tired dry, A lack of tomatoes and attention in keeping the service area looking fresh and attractive. I appreciate that as a professional Trainer and Assessor in the hospitality trade, maybe a factor, I would suggest that the executive chef pays some attention to ensure the standard is maintained and of a consistent standard for this element of food service, provided The quality and exceptional standard Of food served in the snack area, the previous afternoon was superb Presentation and texture and flavour of each dish was brilliant and the tall young male server paid particular attention in meeting needs of customers in a polite and courteous manner, which was exceptional. 
The buffet dinner was expensive for what was provided and then a surprise Service Charge was added For a self service. Buffet, it's a bit of an insult 
We couldn't fault anything 
We really didn't enjoy the breakfast, which was a shame, As it was kindly added to our booking to enjoy The croissants were stale. The eggs were cooked in a horrible buttery fat, which is all you could taste so ruined the rest of the breakfast on the plate. I went to use the serviette, it was filthy, huge coffee stains over it. Someone surely noticed this as it was folded round. The cutlery should never have been put on the table, Not enough tables long wait. Staff didn't return with clean napkin Would go elsewhere for breakfast. Now 
The Wi fi was poor for us to use, especially in our room. The person on the desk could not sort it out for us. We had to go to the local pub to use the Wi fi 
Upon arrival, it wasn't made clear that you would automatically be charged for touching something in the mini bar i had to read about it, then ask staff to make sure that it wasn't credited to my room. 
Bought a late night gin and tonic at the bar, which was a lovely bar but wasn't expecting the shot of gin to cost 13. That'S a bit much for my liking will be checking the cost of the drink before purchase on our next visit. 
12 5 Service charge on a self service evening. Meal put on for the riders was a little steep, Especially when we had to ask for drinks 
Check in was around 15 14 somewhat unacceptable, given terms and conditions Abrupt and insensitive, if not downright rude. Security staff Complained to Reception about extremely off hand, attitude of staff, shocking behaviour to guest on return to hotel Saturday evening, 
Leaving 
More tea, coffee, 
N, A 
All good 
Wifi system is odd. This kind of hotels MUST have direct and free internet access. 
Expensive breakfasts, but lots of alternatives on the doorstep. 
Breakfast not included in price 
Price 
The smell of corridors 
Small rooms and poor toilets 
Nothing in the fridge but a bottle of sparkling water. 
Can not find a single fault 
We had to upgrade to a business class room as the room you gave us was very basic and only had a very small double bed, but business class was excellent. With a king sized bed wasupgraded everything was fine. 
The value compared to the pictures in Booking com of the rooms was completely not the same. Very small rooms compared to the ones in the picture and the prices is very high. 
The size of the room is too small for two people: 
Restaurant service and menu very poor 
Coffee 
The front offfice staff and the food 
Room 45: Don't let a tall person sleep on the right side of the bed or they will bang their head on the ceiling moving round the end of the bed? 
Food and drinks seemed expensive, 
Some times lift are busy and stop each floor. 
Carpet was dirty, Bathtub was VERY high. Up, Set up of room was awful. The bar fridge blocked access to that side of the room. 
The bed was little bit hard, many little kids playing on the hallway and screaming. So you have no confort in the west wing of the hotel. 
The room was not deluxe. The carpet had stains. The wifi was needlessly complicated to connect, The airconcitioning was noisy, The mini bar was empty, so pointless One of the lights didn't work. 
Having stayed here multiple times, I was a little bit disappointed with the breakfast Both mornings. The breakfast was cold. 
We were in the West Tower and the distance between our room and the pool fitness area required two separate elevator trips and at least a 5 minute walk in between plus we had to walk through a conference registration area. Definitely NO walking around the hotel in your swimsuit Kids younger than 16 years have to be accompanied by someone over 18 year old, High chlorine content in the pool. No hot tub Pool only open 11am 9pm. So no early morning, swims and the evenings are packed with families The bed closest to the door. Had such an obvious divot in the bed could see it when you first walked into the room as to where everyone must sit sleep when they stayed in that room. Hide a bed couch was comfortable enough. No fan in the bathroom Would have been nice to have a small refrigerator in the room. 
Nothing 
The facilities of the ensuite bathroom were very poor and outdated. 
Cannot think of anything 
Nothing 
Could have made the wifi easier to connect to 
We travelled with a wheelchair user. There is a lift to the first floor where the accessible room is, but it was tiny and an electric wheelchair would struggle to get in. The breakfast room was on the same level and so could be accessed from the bedroom, but the Reception was down 3 steps, so would not be accessible. 
Our view was looking onto a wall, The lift is tiny, can't fit more than 1 person in 
The fire alarms went off several times in the evening with no explanation from the staff: a bit of panic from guests. No management info 
Internet was monitored, 
Better facilities for refreshments in the room, A kettle selection of tea coffee, would have sufficed. 
Couldn'T get wifi with the code provided more fresh fruit selection and dried fruit at breakfast would be good for gluten free sufferers and porridge 
The only down side was the air, con was broken and we wasn't told about it. 
Bathroom was disgusting and shower did not work Hotel in need of complete renovation, and the pictures on booking com are nothing like what the hotel is actually like. 
Hotel was very drab. Room was supposed to be a double and should never have been anything, but a single room, Not good value for money, Would not go back even if offered a free room. 
There is no aircon in the room, Although I double checked, and it was actually not specified in the room facilities. You would expect it in a 4 star, expensive hotel. The room was really tiny and without room for two luggages Breakfast was dreadful and I've eaten it. Just to feel full for the day, but not because I enjoyed it, The swimming pool and sauna were the reasons I chose the hotel instead of other options, but don't get in this trap. The facilities are very, very basic, sauna, very tiny, and if you can find another hotel with bigger rooms and nicer breakfast go for it and forget about this hotel. 
I couldn't get WiFi in my room and when asked reception about it, I was handed a password code that should of been given to me when I booked in as standard The cleaner was cleaning the pool area from the day before, whilst my child - and I were In the pool at 7, 15 Had to tell a fellow guest to shower off before getting in Should be more notices up, maybe in the rooms 
Tiny tiny rooms need tobe, updated, was missinformed about the breakfast times and booked train tickets accordingly was told. Breakfast starts at 07, 00 asked the receptionist upon arrival when in fact, in weekend it starts at 07, 30 
The decor is a little dated and the sauna could be bigger, but that's really the worst thing I can say it's a great place. 
Reception service was friendly, but incredibly and frustratingly slow, Decor, very old fashioned and basic rooms, Breakfast poor quality, inedible eggs and hot drinks from a row of push button machines. 
Bad wifi, I could not use wifi in my room because it was disconnected all the times ot too too slow, 
The reception could do with brightening up, Maybe some seating out front for the nice weather 
Furniture needs upgrade 
Size of room was ridiculous. You have to be skinny to fit in it. 
Size of the room Had nowhere to put my luggage 
Bathroom small window looked into reception office, 
No Offer of a variety of eggs, For example omelette and fried eggs. 
No air conditioning in the rooms, Tiny rooms, 
Decor is tired, rooms have thin walls and are noisy pool, is a dated and needs upgrade work, Not good for child buggy access. 
The pool was low needed filling another 10 inches 
Hallways felt a bit like a maze 
V, small room, small bed, no window noisy fridge, needs repairing or replacing 
We were told we did not need reservations to eat at hotel restaurant, but we could not get a table So disappointed No problem. There are many great places to eat within a short walk down the street 
We could not figure out how to turn on the bathroom light without having the overall light on Using the panel was tricky in that sense. Also, our window views weren't the best 
Had problem with the rooms locked due to some card reservation issue Have more reservation on the credit card than the total amount. 
Aircon too noisy 
Nothing 
No bathrobe 
The rooms were not soundproof, even though it said it should be. 
No indoor smoking room 
Room presentation: poor 
Breakfast expensive but did not try 
The room could use some updating, better lighting and better AC. My husband worked from the hotel room during the day while I went out for work and he said that the room got quite hot during the day. A couple of hooks in the bathroom and an extra towel or two would be lovely 
Room looked onto a concrete wall and seemed the furthest from the lift around corridors up and down stairs would not have been suitable for anyone with poor mobility, Room 352 dark and dingy Bathroom dated and smelly Problems with the tv couldn't get channels so called reception. Reception sent help who moved a few cables and it worked for the evening. Next morning the same thing menu came up but wouldn't respond to remote. Yes, the remote was working as sent light. Couldn'T order room service from external website as details given by the hotel were not recognised, Air con really noisy and without it room very warm and stuffy. Only one window opened slightly No teaspoons on tea tray. Only enough milk cartons for one cup each I booked last minute and paid 129 for a double without breakfast 
Very weak water flow in the shower, and especially in the toilet, 
The air conditioning was noisy couldn't find out how to turn it off. 
No back entrance to load unload 
There wasn't anything I did not like 
Everything was wonderful, No suggestions for improvement; 
Really really noisy fellow guests, which hotel staff did nothing to curtail 
No breakfast, but that is a known when you book 
Nothing much 
Room is very tidy and clean, but the size of room is a bit small, But it didn't bother us 
The ceiling fan was really loud and didn't look secure. There was some dirt in the shower. We had to clean out 
The facilities are quite dated and you could hear people moving through the walls in other rooms. 
Didn'T like the key holder, i find it very heavy cumbersome to keep in the bag while touring the city Option was to leave it with the 24 hour reception, which was ok. 
Very, very small: The rooms are packed into a maze of tiny corridors, No space in the dining room, Chairs and elbows. In your face, Breakfast finished at 930, Food and drinks were immediately tidied away. Whilst we were still eating. Bedroom was crammed with an oversized bed and little space to move around it. 
Windows didn't keep out the noise at the front of the hotel Toilet seat in room was broken, Cracked needed to be replaced. 
Nothing 
The in room breakfast was a little odd 
The room was a bit small 
A couple of comfy chairs would have been nice 
Bathroom ridiculously small could barely use toilet and have door closed. Using garage was challenging as entry cards didn't work, so lots of trips to and from reception 
Wasn'T made clear how easy it was to get the C10 bus directly to the property from Canada Water, so we had a very expensive taxi that took us to the wrong Hilton through the Rotherhithe tunnel. 
Unable to get the room, i wanted river view with outside balcony. 
Having to queue at restaurant for breakfast 
Found room cheaper, still, no refund through booking com. One staff member told me there was no parking on site. Bathroom could have been cleaner. 
Unfortunately, during my stay I got food poisoning from the hotels restaurant When mentioned to staff. They were not very concerned This spoilt, my stay 
Our door did not lock on its own, and we only realised when we were leaving our room to catch. The boat Had to ring reception and it took them 25 minutes to send someone up to fix it. We had to wait in the room as didn't want to leave it unlocked with valuables in it. This meant we missed the boat over the river and also took about 45 minutes out of our day when we wanted to get into London centre for our weekend away. 
The whole experience The hotel is over priced for what it is. It'S not luxury, it's a standard hotel with standard rooms and I paid 250 a night for the best room and the room was pathetic. 
Drinks at bar, expensive 
Restaurant food in the evening wasn't great. It was served warm, not hot 
Nothing 
Rooms were not well lit. We 
Nothing to complain about 
Customer service was below average Room was TINY. Lifts were out of order, so I had to carry a 60 pound bag up 6 floors. The phone in my room didn't work. 
The single room I had was very compact. The front desk during my stay didn't speak very good english. I think they were french 
The room is quite small: 
Our room could only be described as a box in the basement, with a cupboard for the ensuite, Very, very small, No view from the window other than a brick wall. Even the guy on reception couldn't find the room as it was right at the end of a corridor. Luckily, we were travelling early in the morning, so it was just a bed for the night. This was all part of a birthday surprise for my husband and the extortionate amount I paid. I'D have been better in an Ibis because the rooms are larger. At least you know what you're getting from the start Very disappointed wont use again. 
Because of my wife's health, we checked for elevators, Yes, they had elevators, but to use them. You HAD TO USE stairs Our room required. Two sets of stairs The men's room was so small. My son had to stand up before I could use the bathroom 
The bedrooms were very small. I also had a pending bank transaction showing against my available balance for 7 days after our visit of 350. Even though we had already settled the account in full on the day we arrived, This was very annoying as it appeared. We would be charged twice, 
Room was so small, Too small to relax in A high percentage of the staff, didn't interact with the guests at all. Sometimes making me feel that I shouldn't bother to ask for anything. 
'Y only complain was the size of the bed in the compact double room i booked. The bed is quite narrow for 2 people. You can't really sleep comfortably other than that it was quiet, the location and the neighborhood very good. The staff was also very friendly. Overall. I would recommend this hotel, but not the compact room itself. 
Double room was a bit small and restaurant room service, an extra charge to deliver to the room for room service; 
Got a room at the basement of the building: It was a very difficult walk up. The narrow and steep staircase, especially carrying our heavy luggage, Wi fi and data carrier signals were very weak. Room was a bit on the smaller side and we got the deluxe 
I should have checked and there was porter service, but would have appreciated an elevator rather than carrying a large case up two flights of stairs Our room was very comfortable, but very small and the bed was built into a corner which made getting in and out a Bit of a challenge: 
Room size was very small: 
Very small room, not even a chair - and this was a deluxe room. Breakfast was expensive. 
Very small rooms and tiny bathroom 
No lift too many stairs to the room Single bed provided for a couple. 
Tiny rooms - 
There was no easy access to the room from the elevator. We had to use the stairs a lot which was uncomfortable, sometimes 
Bedrooms far too small Lucky we were small guests Would stay again, though Location, great, Gym, small but Hyde Park very close to exercise. 
No English staff Long wait at reception with little communication of what's going on from receptionist 
No hooks in the bathroom for things 
No parking 
Very smoll room 
All good 
Requested early check in not possible, but then room wasn't even available at 3pm when check in was due Didn't receive our room key until 6pm Requested a phone call when available, didn't receive, Had to go and ask 3 times Noisy with window open, Although very nice. Nowhere near enough space on rooftop terrace for size of hotel, 
2 bed room very small Bed had problem and it took 2 requests to get it fixed. 
The lift was out of order no fun with a suitcase to the third floor, with no help offered. 
Our room, bed extremly uncomfortable room, very small carpet, dirty 
The air con broke, they took a long time to process my personal request and then forgot about entirely. The room service took AGES to cook. Spaghetti Mini bar was expensive, 140 for a room for one night. Just to look at a skyline is ridiculous. 
Arrangements for buying breakfast not clear 
Nothing 
We had to put bedding sheets on the duvet and pillow cases on ourselves. Duvet stained and dirty Staff was unprofessional, swearing and asking us for a cigarette 
An old wobbly armchair was said to be a bed for our little girl And others. Amenities were in poor condition. It'S a pity. The place could be pleasant as there's a lovely terrace and it's an ancient, charming building. 
Small room: fine for one night Because of double yellow lines: a bus lane unloading from a car difficult during the day, 
My single room was very small. Nevertheless, it was comfy and quiet. 
Leaking door into basement accommodation carpet wet during downpour 
Ac did not work. 
Cleanliness windows were filthy Traffic; noise. 
The lady who greeted us was a bit grumpy and not particularly welcoming This hotel doesn't have a car park, but parking meters outside that you cannot park at for longer than 2 hours, Be careful of the step outside the room. As I fell down it on my way out and hurt my ankle 
The room was clean and good size, but curtains were dirty and ripped so that run down the look of the room. Bathroom was very small and toilet right next to the bath so to get into the bath one had to move the shower screen. There was a massive gap between the bath and tile work and when showering water must have been getting right underneath So, a small investigation by a cleaner and maintenance by management would have Fix that 
The windows are old, so sometimes they slam shut plus, it would of been handy to have a small hand soap Other than that brilliant place. 
Very clean room, but had a damp smell, probably because it is an old building, didn't ask for change of room as only staying one night vi. 
No air conditioning in room 
A bit noisy with traffic outside air conditioning would mean one could leave the window closed at night. 
One of the people who was at the front desk was very rude when we let him know there was a problem with the sink drain. The shower was tiny and uncomfortable. 
Our stay was great and the hotel staff were very accommodating. 
Lift to breakfast was always full after 10 minute wait used stairs 
Lift a bit small for wheelchairs and quite often had to wait for several lifts for room to get wheelchair in 
Food could be a bit more polished, but was good. 
There were no tea coffee making facilities in the room. 
Rooms are tiny, 
Room too small 
First day no hot water and the lady on reception could only say it would get hot. In an hour I had a full day. I didn't want to wait around Quite a small room for the money. 
Breakfast was very poor. I read some reviews saying it was good, but most things ware bought at the supermarket and of very low quality. There was no fresh fruit or juice sausages, and cold cuts were terrible, very few options compared to most continental breakfasts. The lady working at the breakfast was not paying any attention to the buffet or to customers. So we found ourselves without glasses or cups and had to ask as well for more food to be taken to the buffet. She sounded even a little bit frustrated by that. I think waiters should watch the room more closely and ensure everything is always available to customers and customers are happy about the service. 
Ummmmmm Mini bar prices were too high for us, which is a shame as we would have been tempted with a g't and snacks on a couple of occasions. 
Lighting so gloomy Pillows too soft 
Nice hotel cheaper, would be better 
Rooms are very small, 
Was a bit expensive, but that's a given in London! 
Wifi could do with being a bit stronger, but wasn't terrible 
Nothing 
Although hotel has no smoking policy, we felt cigarette smoke in our room every day, either our room being close to outside smoking area or guests smoking in their rooms. 
Queen de luxe room, very small and overpriced no real facilities at hotel, eg, no pool spa, etc. There is a fitness room but very dated 
The room was a lot smaller than I anticipated and much more suited to a work trip rather than a romantic getaway. It overlooked a carpark and there was no minibar 
I can't think of anything I didn't like 
I received a disabled room, yet I am fully abled. The executive lounge when I visited half an hour before close, had no bites to eat other than some nuts No fruit, for example, or fresh milk. I was asked to leave at 2130. I was asked if I was a Hilton loyalty member, which I am as I travel constantly. I was told I didn't get points or recognition of the visit on my record as I had booked through Booking com saving a few pounds but losing out on the loyalty experience I wount be booking com in the future. 
I would have liked shower gel in the bathroom, as we were travelling light didn't bring any with us. 
The safe was faulty No tea and coffee facilities in room 
Room small, no view: 
Keys and internet needed to be reprogrammed each day. 
Lifeless bar and better use could be made of the views Queue for breakfast 
N, a 
Couldn'T get checked in until nearly 5 00 pm 
A little far out, but then again it was very quiet and in a good area, 
Breakfast is rather 2stars hotel. The lady manager at the breakfast room was very loudy. Ok, we are not deaf making clear the difference between continental and english breakfast. Actually, both are poor quality. 
Breakfast is little choice: n small place Not easy to find seat during peak time. Bed is too soft. 
The lift broke down in which my son got stuck in there for 15 minutes on the Monday evening, around 9pm 
No Sky TV we had planned to watch the Lions match, which started at 8, 30 a'm, but were told this was not available and we went to a pub down the road 
Our first room had a shower unit and the second a bath, which I much preferred, Will have to remember to specify this on future bookings. 
Room was a bit small and the bathroom shower drain was unassembled. 
Room was a handicap room. As a result, the shower got the entire bathroom floor, wet 
Nothing all was very nice. 
On this occasion, nothing 
The wi fi was rubbish Check in was a hassle 
Walls are very thin and breakfast was not fresh. 
Can'T think of anything really 
One of the chamber mate who did not service us, was not very friendly. 
Showers were cold; 
Bed sheaths were not clean. 
The wifi was over 20 pounds a day, what a rip off when nearly every hotel now offers this for free, The Wahaca restaurant is downstairs in the same street and it's free wifi can be reached from many rooms. The decor is dated, but very high quality. So it's a bit like being in a Bond movie from the 70's, The corridors to the rooms stink of dust. They need a good airing, deep, clean. However, the room itself was very clean and fresh 
The WiFi charge is poor in this day and age. 
No free WiFi, 
As above, Breakfast was included in the price 
The stench in the breakfast room, the mouldy smell and dirty carpets in room 
They could do a Hot Breakfast 
Rooms on the small side, 
Not enough restaurant in the immediate vicinity but decent choices within a 10 minute walking distance 
Bathroom is a bit small 
There was nothing I didn't like amazing staff and hotel 
Floor of room hadn't been swept and only one bath towel in a double room. 
Bathroom was small 
Was not close to an underground station had to take the buses 
The hotel was a little tired and could do with an update 
More plug sockets, we had to boil the kettle on the floor. 
No parking available 
Room said small, but this was a joke. It was so small 
The very hard bed 
The cost 
Nothing 
I asked for a room with a bath and I didn't get one 
Having breakfast included in the price would have been perfect. 
Absolutely nothing 
Rooms should be bigger more space for the price per night. 
It was all good for us, no negatives, 
Nothing 
I asked for a upper room, but was given a basement room which had difficulties heating and had to keep calling front desk, which they've sorted out in the end. 
The room window was not able to be opened and getting a satisfactory temperature in the room was not easy. Using the aircon system. 
The tv wasn't working all night, 
Bed very soft 
House keeping needs improvement, 
People, smoking in other rooms, 
Nothing 
Was an idea location for visiting Olympic Park, but whilst this part of city is being regenerated, the area wasn't the best. Looking, HOWEVER, despite being on the High Street, it was a quiet location and an easy walk from train stations. 
Not a problem for us, but there was no alcohol serviced in cafe. 
I felt that the rooms could have been a bit more decorative more like the rooms advertised on the website. 
I would've preferred it if I had a bath tub instead of a walking shower. As that would've been romantic, The tv kept on freezing. So we couldn't watch the tv 
Noisy rooms, as not soundproofed from either internal or outside noise and air con unit woke us up at 4, 30am in the morning, with a loud rattling for 20 mins, the air in unit was switched off at the time. Despite making a complaint to hotel, they have not bothered to respond, so will not be using the mercure hotel chain again. 
Be aware, pork is not on the menu 
N, a 
I paid for junior suites x 2 and the noise from the high street was unbearable. Didnt sleep at all any of us Pre, a 100 mile ride couldnt have been worse, prep, Very, very dissapointed. 
Somewhat cramped room 
Pillow was hard 
Nothing 
I would suggest 2 kind of pillows. Those are too hard for me. 
The room was very small, and ambient noise from the corridor was excessive. 
The bouncer type of guy who works night during weekend, he could have been more welcoming, as I was, a guest who stayed for 2 weeks, No smile at all. 
The curtains in our room didn't shut properly and though we told housekeeping nothing was done. We had to get the concierge to botch up a fix at midnight, And the breakfast offered isn't really good enough for a hotel of ambition. 
I cant think of anything 
A proper coffee maker in the hotel would have made the room perfect. 
Room was dusty Appliances that didn't work, Broken handles on the bathroom doors, Noisy Outside furniture weathered and dirty A lot of noise from Radio Rooftop Couldn't sleep until it closed after midnight. 
Sometimes slow service 5 with No spa pool 
Very hot in top floor fan in the room, but still hot had room service one night very expensive and to have breakfast in the hotel was expensive. So we went out for breakfast 
Nothing 
Air conditioner was broken. 
There weren't a lot of stores or eateries nearby to grab something quickly. 
Everything was adequate, 
There wasn't anything I was unhappy about loved it. All 
Presentation of food and could have been served to room with condiments, etc. 
Lightning to dull in room 
Rooms are expensive and the view from our room was poor. Looking out on the street and very over looked 
The room was quite small for 2 people, but was well equipped and was adequate for short stay. 
Room service started at 3pm, but no one was answering the phone had to call receiption. In order for someone to contact me back and take my order, I had called room service for 10 minutes bloody, terrible 
Bathroom was abit small, as the door was awkward too close and open too near the toilet. 
Internet wifi was miserable, probably the worse in paddington. All other hotels have much better wifi. 
It was very over heated. I had to go for a walk to regain normal temperature. 
Slightly more space around the bed to move around easily 
Room was tiny and beds were not full size due to width of room 
Some dust on shelves and in drawers which got on our clothes was irritating. 
The left only one and slowly 
The lift was soooo slow, 
Very Thin walls and very small room 
Small room, expensive hotel, 
You don't feel a 100 safe around the location, especially in the evening. 
The room was like a closet: 
There was nothing I didn't like 
Room was not very nice and with very little space. 
The room size, but not crucial, 
Complimentary bottled water in the room, 
Reception not really helpful. Breakfast was hot and miss Disappointing for the money. 
The bed was too small and not comfy at all. 
The room didn't have a view: 
Noise from busker at night, but that stopped at 11 
The view over the railways from my room The pool closed early 
Quite a walk from nearest tube station 
Peace and quiet 
The only tiny minus is that it would have been nice with a small fridge in the room. 
Air con in room was either freezing or hot, don't think the thermostat worked sheets on bed were poorly fitted, otherwise very good. 
Front desk staff was terrible, Rude and not helpful. Actually, they were not accommodating to a family with children at all. I would not stay here again with a family If you are a couple or business traveler and stay without asking for anything. In addition, it would be okay, The hotel really needs to work on their customer service and attitude towards their customers. Both my wife and I left feeling almost guilty for staying there with children Would not stay here again. Considering the amount of money you spend per night. 
Children slept on sofa bed which wasn't so comfortable No restaurant on site, 
Many service require extra charge, including luggage, storage, 20 pounds per day, No frig in room In my whole week stay. They also didn't change the bed sheet. 
Nothing 
The room was small by American standards and we also brought an infant. The hotel isn't kid friendly. So unless you are ok with your toddler or kid sleeping in your bed, this isn't the place for you. There is massive construction going on six days a week outside. So if you are looking to sleep in probably isn't going to happen Because it's the financial district, nothing is open in this area on the weekends Had to take a taxi to get a coffee. 
Wifi went down at night time, but no fault of the hotels, just unlucky timing, 
Size of both rooms was poor, Bathroom, very small Bedroom, very small Building site opposite hotel, not impressed 
Rooms are very small, 
View 
The room was very small without any view. Lobby was also small for 4 stars hotel 
Bathroom looked tired and was in need of a're fresh Grout was dirty, Towels were thin. Cheap Fridge in room did not work, Skip the 14Euro Breakfast and head to one of the many local bakeries for your morning. Meal and coffee 
For a 4 star hotel, I would expect better bathroom supplies. Also in one room. The bathroom door was not fully opening 
Did not like the neon sign above hotel Reflects a much lower expectation of standard 
The bathroom was very small and uncomfortable The wood floor looked as unfinished job and had paint stains. 
Not very fond of some elements in the room. I e glass sliding doors for shower and toilet, but that was in line with the overall design of the room. 
Duplex has quirky layout Tried to be a high end, boutique hotel but didn't quite work. Example bathroom very nice, but sink so tight to the wall that when I brushed my teeth, I almost banged my head on the mirror. When I went to rinse Kitchen tap is set so low and sink so small, it's hard to get a cup or glass under there to fill with water. Also, plumbing problems with room above resulted in water coming in through our roof for 2 of 3 days, when their shower was in use, Staff gave us a reduced rate for the inconvenience, so satisfactory outcome. 
The sofa bed was not comfortable and the Wifi was slow. 
The room was tiny, the bed was much smaller than I was expecting and harder. 
Far too noisy workmen and deliveries right outside if window was closed, room was too hot window, open, ridiculously noisy 
No bath got small daughter beds, really uncomfortable 
No air con in the room in July was tricky. One lift out of action, so getting luggage downstairs took ages. 
The room was very loud, The bed was hard and the breakfast was not fresh and to small. The food selection was very small. 
The rooms were so small, It was advertised as a cosy double, but it was more like a very, very cosy single. There was no air con in the room, and the rooms got very stuffy and warm quickly didn't affect us a whole pile because we were out most of the day, but we were lucky, the weather was mild and not roasting. Also, on the last day, house keeping came at 9am to clean the room, despite us not having to be out until 12. She came back then again at 10am, for which I got annoyed. 
No air conditioning in a room that overlooked a service courtyard, so hot and stuffy There was a fan, but it just moved. The hot air around Everything else was excellent. 
The room, upgraded was small, too warm and perpetually dark due to extensive scaffolding. Work Faced an internal courtyard and needed lamps on all the time Like being in an inside cabin on ship Lifts are a joke: No aircon, no fridge, no iron and not 4 star. 
I have stayed here many times and will stay again on this occasion. However, the breakfast choice was not quite as good as previous stays: No mushrooms, no hash browns price supplement for eggs other than scrambled. That said, what was on offer was good 
Breakfast was only warm 
Quite pricey, but it is central London 
The room wasn't ready at 5, 30 pm 
No iron in the room, 
We may have preferred a slightly larger room rather like the one we slept in the time before. 
Toilet did not flush. 
Manager, training staff member at check in was rude when we approached desk to check in Told us to go back to line, even though no one else waiting. 
Scaffolding building work, 
There was nothing we did not like 
No AC in small single room, 
Room was hot: When opened the window. Road works on the Strand, made it noisy at night. 
Storage space, a little short in room, Very high price for a mid level, hotel 
The bath was rank stained brown, I ended up just washing at the sink. There was a stink of smoke in our bathroom from about 8pm Generally expensive, but good quality Like 4 for fries. The twin beds are up against each other, so its like a shared bed. Anyway, Crashing outside lorries and metal pallets at 5am, The digital clock on the tv was annoying. I recommend unplugging before you go to sleep. I also unplugged the bright clock: radio, No free wifi, 
The noise from the service elavator, the grime in the bathroom, the leaking aircon door, didn't feel secure, etc. 
I'Ve found a lot of problems with my room from the wifi connection to the temperature of the room. 
I was very disappointed with the hotel. It was old and in need of renovation, The bathroom door was peeling and the window wouldn't shut properly. I was very sad that the Hilton didn't live up to my expectations. 
View could have been a little better, but the room was very nice spacious, clean and had a good size bathroom with everything we needed. 
Bathroom very tired could do with refurbishment 
Staff 
All adequate for my stay. 
Room was old, broken toilet Food and service in the bar was terrible. 
Over priced for the quality of the hotel could do with an upgrade drinks and snacks at the bar over priced 
Not all rooms were on lift landing floors and it can be quite difficult to carry huge and heavy bags up the stairs. However, the staff were very helpful with the bags 
Nothing 
The property was dated, room was extremely small Adequate but for the rate paid, not a good value. Many of the guests met were finishing Cruises and I suspect the rate paid was much lower than the rate on booking Room was not available on arrival and it was apparent that was a result of at least one cruise arriving. At the same time, One of two rooms was upgraded, but, alas, it would seem the party that guaranteed the reservation would have gotten an upgrade. Reception desk was indifferent to request for an upgrade for the second room booked. 
Could have been a little more drawer space and a fridge. Also food in the hotel was like all of London, expensive, 
Could not be any better 
Room slightly cramped, 
Cigarette smoke in the bathroom 
Nothing 
Bathroom not standard 
Staff, particularly in bar, were beyond rude. I work in service industry and rarely complain, as I know how hard it can be. However, equally my down time is important and the service and rudeness of staff was just appalling Complained bit. No one cared Stayed here, 4 times. Never again, 
The bathroom required maintenance to be completed, the shower, didn't change fully from the bath setting to the shower head and the toilet didn't flush properly. 
No milk, with the tea and coffee When mentioned at checkout, no apologies, 
Club Loung breakfast very poor Noise from other rooms To much crowded at the loupy 
Extremely small room: 
I paid 192 for the night might be nice if breakfast was included. Perhaps 
My sister and I were in a twin room on the second floor. It was a little bit smaller than we would have liked. Also it was up two flights of stairs with no lift. This wasn't great for my sister, who has some mobility problems To be fair to the staff we didn't raise either of these issues with them. 
Slightly cramped Window didn't close fully and rattled a little so could have been difficult in winter. 
Bed was a bit hard for me. 
Breakfast does not worth the price we paid Bed room was small, bathroom was very small Bed room carpet was full of black patches need, washing no cable. Television. Last day we had a bit of problem with a blond girl at the b f room. According to her, we are not entitle to it afterward front desk apologize for the mistake. 
The room we got this time was really small, Certainly not the size of a room for Hilton Standards. 
Value for money is not good Same breaky during my whole stay, Not even a slight change. The rooms were tiny 
No car park 
The bed and bow noisy was outside all night. 
Please see comments above also, I had phoned in advance requesting an early check in yet this wasn't possible for the room type I required. I ended up having to agree to have a room with one bed which I had to share with my 12 year old son 
Everything was perfect, 
Could have some draft beer in the bar 
Room was small, 
None 
Difficult transport from international train station 
There wasn't anything I didn't like during our stay. I'M not sure that I would stay over in Canary Wharf. If I didn't need to be on that side of London, for something in particular, That has more to do with the area than the hotel, though I generally prefer to stay more central. 
The breakfast, the staff were not attentive when items ran out and the seats were not comfortable, as it was part of the bar area. 
I don't really want to say anything negative because we really enjoyed our time at the hotel, but if I can offer a suggestion, I think there should be robes and slippers in the room or perhaps available on request. Also a shower cap in the room, especially having waterfall showers. I would have appreciated that, But overall We loved our stay. 
Nothing 
The price of the drinks in the bar 
Early check in was 45, which we didn't pay but thought that was slightly over priced 
I had to wait for 10mins to check in 
Reserved 1 room, w 1 br and mini kitchen for 4 people At first. They gave me a room with 1 br, but the bedroom is so tiny with no window. It'S like a prison, No aircon. With only 1 small fan. I asked to move to a room. I am supposed to have based on what I prepaid The following night. They moved me upstairs to a room with air con and w windows, but no bedroom. It'S just a devider between the bed and the mini kitchen with a sofa bed Shower head was broken. Water sprayed all over very small bathroom. I told the lady named Cecilia about the broken shower head, but no one came to fix it. There'S ants also in the room, stayed 5 nights total. I prepaid the hotel with all taxes included Upon, checked out front desk staff. Was giving me a bill, but I mentioned I already pre paid seems like they don't communicate with their corporate or whoever is doing bills. He asked me to pay a tax about 68 euros or something I said it's included with all that I paid 3 months ago when I did my reservations, but he said it's city, tax, etc. I just paid that way I can get out of there. I'M just glad he didn't pushed me to pay the whole stay of 5 nights again. 
Tea and coffee facilities in the room was greatly missed. 
Bed occupied entire width of room, making it difficult to get and out of with two sharing Coffee was disappointing. 
The bedrooms were very small, with a strange small little bathroom in a kind of pod sink, not in bathroom sink was in main bedroom area. 
There was absolutely nothing I did not like 10 out of 10 
No space at the end of the bed Have to clamber over your partner. If you get out in the night With hindsite, we should have put our pillows under the window. 
Bathroom cleanliness could have been better by day 3. 
No staff, apart from the bar all computer check in Nothing personal about this hotel, complete buget with a 4 star price tag. Yet when you add on the cost of a mere cup of tea, it soon adds upto 5 star prices, People hanging around some asleep. It was more like a student hostel As for the bedroom, I do not appreciate brushing my teeth in the hallway. I own, bigger, shoe boxes, Squashed and claustrophobic is how myself and my husband felt Couldn't wait to leave Glad this trip was business, not pleasure. 
No windows in the room, No kettle in the room Only being able to get out of bed on one side, Tv, very limited, Sink unit in bedroom. The list is endless. 
Felt like I was catapulted into the future Rooms, small and very clinical, No natural light couldn't open the blind. All very tech orientated, Lift unecessarily complicated check yourself in create your own room key. There is no reception IPad to use the TV Would suit a 15 year old, Maybe I'm just getting old, but after a long day at a PC dealing with IT support last thing I wanted was more self service tech, 
Room became very humid after showering housekeeping didn't come on. The second day doesn't offer room service, lack of facilities and services for a 4 star hotel, 
Everything was great, rooms could be larger, 
Bedrooms a bit small and did not like the layout of the rooms but understand the concept 
Built in bed with no room to walk around Difficult for a couple. 
No kettle in room also would have liked a gym. 
The room little small 
Size of room is small, 
No clothes washing machine on site, 
Check in remains A PAIN Technology simply isn't working. 
Tea and coffee facilities in the room would be appreciated. 
No complaints, 
The carpet was quite uncomfortable on bare feet and the walls were very thin. 
A little cold, as everywhere else in London, 
Nothing really prices where high, but that related to the area, but the overall quality of everything was high to match. 
Even though the hotel was great, the price was high. We also stayed at the Mad Hatter Hotel, which was also very clean and quiet for half the price 
As stated, the shower facilities need to consider all age groups 
Service charge of 2 50 was charged for a buffet breakfast also, a family member had 1 cup of coffee and was charged 2 50. The beds were small and very uncomfortable. Also, the shower unit were very outdated. 
We had 3 people in a room with one queen. There was not enough room for a cot as it would be against fire code. We ended up having one person sleep on the floor with extra comforters, We were told that all of the other rooms were taken else. They would have upgraded us. I guess its something to be aware of. 
Tv did not work on, arrival had to be fixed, long, walk to room down small corridors and the bath tub base was so curved. You could not easily stand in it for a shower. 
Breakfast was a little over priced, but staff was helpful. 
The park 
Restaurant staff and Management 
Nothing 
Our first guest room was so tiny that there was no place for our luggage. I asked for a larger room and they were able to accommodate us. Also, the room was a bit too warm for us. 
No Airconditioning Rooms are tiny, no room for 2 ppl plus Luggage, 
So small 
Size of the room View Bed was uncomfortable. 
Very noisy in the morning Doors were slamming every few minutes. 
If anything didn't like the atmosphere of the breakfast room altgough, the breakfast itself was good, even had freshly pressed orange juice. 
We had booked two rooms next to each other and had ordered food. When we came back from the engagement party, We were all in one room chatting and eating the food. We had ordered A hotel staff member knocked on the door and told us there were too many people in the room. There were 4 people in the room. We told him. We had booked two rooms. He asked us to show him proof we had done so. He was very rude and arrogant. We told him to go and check the booking system downstairs. He even threatened to call the Police. We told him to go ahead as we were not doing anything wrong. 
Nothing 
Breakfast price was slightly higher than expected: 
It was tricky getting the television to work. 
Everything a good walk away; 
The twin bed was well past. Its best uncomfortable lumpy TV in room did not work. 
Long waits at reception, 
The room was far to small. You had to lean across the bath to switch the tap on. This also worked the shower so soaked us. The tea making area was totally cramped and not fir for purpose All the coffee, etc, stuffed into a box, etc. All very poor for the value We will revert back to the crown plaza 
The room was stuffy, the window was high on the wall above eye level. The bathroom had broken tiles. On the floor, There were two weddings taking place and, despite being advised that the central courtyard would be vacated by 9pm at the latest, we continued to be disturbed by guests congregating beneath our window until well past midnight. In addition, we were also disturbed by people. Clearing up after the functions both at night and again from early in the morning, Our air conditioning made a terrible racket, so we were unable to close our windows permanently. Basically, we were unable to get to sleep after a very busy day which left us feeling exhausted. Regrettably, this is the second occasion this has happened to us. The staff are always very helpful at the hotel, but losing a nights sleep on our last two visits. There has basically ruined what should have been a relaxing and enjoyable trip. 
Nothing 
Room a bit on the small side struggled to turn the lights off at night seemed complicated. 
Nothing 
Restaurant food was poor, 
Perhaps that it's difficult to get things to eat after midnight, but I'm somewhat greedy lol, 
It'S hard to pick a fault at all with the hotel 
Smoking area outside need to be cover instead of big umbrella, if it possible. Please 
The reception 
Value for money is not satisfactory. 
As we travelled by underground was a bit of a walk from station area could be nicer, but once your inside your it worth it 
No notes, Although personally I would have prefered a proper door on the bathroom rather than a sliding one. 
Staff, a little abrupt on check in I requested early check in and was told 40 mins, which was fine great. As I know, this was a special request, Reappeared. 50 mins later to be told, it is another 20 mins Came back after 30 mins and was told another 10 mins. When I advised them what was happening, I was told well, this is a special request and it's up to our supervisors when the room is ready. I think the staff were completely missing the point that actually my loan was about. The fact that I could have not wasted over an our and a half of my time waiting around. If I had been advised that a room would't be ready and that would have been fine, Not the best of starts or first impressions Assist from that a good stay. 
The pool can be used by non guests, so sometimes I felt in a gym club. Instead, a leisure place. Some guests were a bit rude, not the hotel fault. I know and don't know how to use the lift common sense stuff. The central heating makes noise all night bearable. 
The single bed was a bit uncomfortable, Also bar charges on food 
Beds were not soft and luxurious. 
Not many room options offer a view of the city. 
For the money really nothing to dislike, 
There were no bathrobes 
The chicken curry was undercooked, but they brought a fresh one. 
Price of food Room was small 
A menu at breakfast, so you can choose what you pay for. 
The food delivered to our room was appalling. 
Nothing all of our needs were catered for. 
Taking 30 immediately off my card on arrival for incidentals, wasn't a problem but having to wait days to have it put back onto my card is, Since we didn't have any extras Im still waiting for it to be returned to my card, Not happy at all about This This needs addressing 
As above 
Poor processing of bill extra charges, not mine, posted in error, Holding deposit 
Bathroom was new clean, but very small 
What I did not like was the windows in the room did not open 
Nothing 
Room was very small, bathroom tiny 
Nothing 
The staff was rude and couldn't be answer, basic questions. The bathroom had mold all over the expose, so sections of the sink piping, The bed had multiple broken springs. 
I stayed 2 nights and was bitten very badly from bed bugs Since returning I am covered from head to foot in bed flee bites. They are large, hard red bites which are extremely itchy and unsightly and will last between 1 2 weeks. According to my doctor, I called the hotel to advise them. I stayed in room 6 since I would not want other guests to suffer this. When I asked to speak to the Manager, I was told they were on holiday, no deputy manager available either. So I simply had to relay my experience to a receptionist who did not offer any apology or seem bothered Great location, but I would not recommend you stay there, since you will suffer for weeks afterwards to be avoided. 
The hotel next door that I regrettably booked a nights stay in Never again Kensington Court Hotel. Shame on you All was good at the premier. Andcthey should be congratulated on maintains high standards and employing really good helpful staff. 
The bedroom double bed in a single room with very little space, meaning I banged myself a number of times on the furniture Also I had to crawl across the bed to open close the window. Curtains 
The bed wasn't as comfortable as we would have expected. That was about the only thing we felt could have been improved. 
Room a little too small. I know it's London, but the bed was against the wall, so someone had to climb over the other person to get out of bed Bed really comfortable, although pillows a little hard. Despite this, I would stay again mainly because the staff they were excellent, 
Rooms were nice and clean, but a bit small 
The beds are small, 
Please see above Also, they should offer a complimentary bottle of water. Everyday 
The area seemed a little rough, but it was an excellent location for the Olympic Park. 
There was a slight odor in the room. We were only spending an evening at the hotel, so there was no need to change it. The service at breakfast was not great. The server was friendly, but only offered us coffee and milk after my husband flagged her down to ask where we could get coffee after waiting for 10 minutes. 
Overall, this is a good hotel, but food in the restaurant is limited and the check in process was slow, especially after a long days. Work still wouldn't put me off staying here again, though. 
Room was ok, but no more than a better decorated. Travelodge 
I didn't have any issues: 
We liked everything pity we could not stay longer. 
Bed was hard 
Nothing 
The shower was a little difficult in that the water sprayed directly on the vanity. If you applied any reasonable pressure. This was purely because of the way the bathroom is designed Other than the shower. The room was perfect. 
Poor cocktail had to be sent back, 
N, A 
Nothing 
Nowhere to park outside whilst sorting access to parking, bays Glass, doors to bathroom toilet little privacy, 
The only thing is the glass toilet door, which is not quite safe for children using it. 
Nothing 
curl: (28) Connection timed out after 825656 milliseconds
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: bark.phon.ioc.ee
Checkin time was not before 14 00, which I had not seen advertised. Had I known, I would have changed my arrival plans. Staff seemed less friendly than I would have liked. Breakfast was disorganised. You should not put a sign at the dining room entrance, which says: Please wait to be seated or some such message and have no staff to greet you. I waited a few minutes then chose a seat myself and advised several other confused groups of guests. To do the same, 
There were bugs in the shower underneath the towels, which made me feel sick. 
A liitle rundown compared to two years ago, 
Only 1 bedside light Corridor, carpets, horribly worn and lets the hotel down. 
Rooms are old and a little tatty Hotel is ageing. 
Nothing 
The room was quite small, but nothing out of the ordinary for London I got a good deal would have been less pleased if I'd paid normal rates. 
The bathroom was a little tight, although very modern 
No comments: 
No breakfast 
Don'T put a service charge on the drinks, The price on the bar menu should be the price you pay, Not another 12. On top 
The bathroom wasn't good, no shelf space and the toilet didn't flush. The shower was more like a garden sprinkler. 
Terrible bar prices and service charge on top, We were not happy, especially when we felt we didn't get the service Extortionate. 
Fairly Close proximity to shops and the river Thames 
The room was too small, my husband found it claustrophobic, but I was happy. It would suit 1 person better. There was a large crack in the basin, so I reported this as I did not think it was hygienic and the staff apologized 
No downside 
I was traveling there for wireless festival, which started at 2pm the same time as check in I called ahead days previous and asked for an earlier check in so we could get changed after travelling. I was told this would be arranged When I arrived. I had no room ready and the staff on the front desk weren't very accommodating. With regards to the reason it was needed. 
The bed was too narrow, remote control for TV was not working properly mini bar food was out as if they were free of charge. Until I checked the price list, 
Would have liked a hotel bar that stayed open a little longer for residents. 
Nothing 
The pricing 
Need more residents sitting chill out areas: e g, large extra lounge area, 
No restaurants in immediate vicinity, 
Old building, so sound insulation, an issue but rooms and overall facilities are excellent. 
Maze of rooms, hence a guide, to take you to your room. If you don't know the place very well, 
Free parking when staying at the hotel, 
We were initially put in a lower ground room with no window and found it. Claustrophobic asked to be moved, but the hotel was full that evening, but promised a new room the next day, and this promised was kept with reception, making sure we liked our new room. 
Directions in the hallway could have been a little better. The hotel is on a high street with plenty of variety name: brand shops M S Boots Sainsbury's, Tesco Express Primark, however, the caliber of the shops is low. Higher quality is nearby, though around St John's Wood. 
No complaints, all good 
Location 
Tv didn't work, Rooms were small 
The room was very quite small and the walls were very thin. 
I did not prefer the bathroom When we took shower the water will spill out. That means we have to be more careful at the lavatory 
The dinning area looked a little shabby and we were all disappointed to see so many dreadful plastic plants. It'S not hard to make an effort with a little real greenary, considering how much it costs to stay there. 
We always had clean bath and hand towels, but we had to ask for the little face. Towels each day I was unclear as to whether we were supposed to receive 2 bottles of water and a bottle of wine. Each day we received it the first and last days only Just confused 
Very overated and overpriced No better than a premier Inn. 
Air conditioning in Room 10 made an odd noise throughout the night which disturbed my sleep. The room safe was in the locked position and we weren't able to use it despite mentioning it during our stay, We arrived ahead of check in and we're told we could leave our bags by reception and they would be taken to our room once it was ready When we returned someone else's bag was in our room and ours still by reception. There were some cracked tiles in the bathroom and some mould in the shower. Whilst the shower was a bit temperamental, It just felt as though it needed a bit of a spruce up. We didn't have breakfast here, preferring to eat out 
The room was underground with no view, even though it was only a 1 night stay. 
It was a little noisy early evening with the traffic boutside, but we didnt notice the noise after 10pm and it remained quiet all of Sunday morning. 
Room at top of property, quite small and difficult to navigate around a pillar in the middle of the room, No lift 
Best to get rid of those air fresheners, they really don't smell nice and make people think you are trying to cover up a worse smell. 
No elevator small entrance not comfortable stairs 
Small rooms bit noisy outside and neighbouring room 
Noisy the room isn't comfy to stay in Noise has been experienced from cleaning staff chatting with each other loudly they didn't consider guests. I can see that a number of guests are complaining about this issue as well. I'Ve reported this issue to the reception as well. 
The room was very small to be called a deluxe double To draw the curtains one had to squeeze past the end of the bed, a gap of a few inches and bend at the same time to avoid hitting ones head on the TV 
Room is too small: 
Room a bit gloomy in the basement Would have liked brighter lighting 
The room was a deluxe double. The only light was a small velux roof light that you couldn't open. The bed was up tight to walls on 3 sides. It was a broom cupboard And it's twice as big as a standard. Double apparently 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Small room had to climb over each over to get out of bed. 
The room was pretty small, 
Room was too small for a deluxe double 
More help could be given when booking out. I e help with taking luggage down the steps of the entrance of the hotel and help to get a taxi and again help with luggage. 
The receptionists, including the managers, Elena, was one of them, were not helpful. As requested when we arrived, we needed two different receipts with our name. In each receipt for tax purposes, We paid with different credit cards and requested those names in the invoice receipt. They insisted that the reason that this could not be made was because the reservation was done through booking com, Although booking com customer support was very helpful. The hotel administration was not able to solve this simple problem. 
Filthy dirty hotel, with congealing old food left outside the rooms at night and still there at 9h30. The next morning The stench of old, take out food in the corridors is nauseating. The rooms had to be changed twice: shocking accommodation with no thought given to the layout of the room door opening onto the bed and not able to open further bathroom door opening onto the toilet so that it is virtually impossible to sit on the toilet, very old, Uncomfortable mattresses broken cupboard doors which, after complaining for 4 days, were still not fixed or attended to on the 4th day, useless, incompetent, unhelpful staff that did nothing and only knew how to apologize but not attend to or resolve anything, Never again. 
No bottled water supplied Bathroom small and didn't like the frosted glass window between bathroom and bedroom, Not very private and inconvenient at night. Iwhen someone puts light in and it shines through into bedroom. 
Breakfast is chaotic, while the choice of food is excellent, service is poor. I don't see the point of they accompany guests to their breakfast table at any onetime. They seem to temporarily run out of some foodstuffs, croissant, bread, coffee, etc, and if they are not alerted by guests, they don't seem to be aware of this. 
On this occasion, after coming back late from London, my room card was not working and the night shift staff that was on the front desk Harry was very rude and unhelpful. He did not attend to me and made me wait at the desk, not acknowledging that I was standing there knowing I was there A very horrible, arrogant young man that spoiled the end 
The basin is slightly high by normal standards. Still acceptable. Breakfast lacks variety, especially on weekend. 
Breakfast was very busy, so the food options were limited and took a while to be refilled. 
Pillows could be better 
Room could do with a fix up as the wood work on window was Old and flaking, no enough plugs in the room. 
No refrigerator in room, but this was accomodated very well Phenominal experience. 
The continental breakfast is pretty good, but an expresso machine would make it even better. 
Room seemed to be much smaller, comparing to the pictures with a distinctive smell, some of front of house staff were a bit rude. 
N, a 
Basement room 
Room service a bit too slow 40min for a small dish. 
The only thing would be an unto date, TV and maybe tea and coffee facilities. 
Didn'T like the bathroom, There is a sliding door which is heavy and awkward to move and blocks out no sound. I won't go in to details. I would have liked some drinking water in the room. 
Very packed a hotel, so getting into a lift during peak period is a challenge We needed to wait for 5 lifts before managing to get into one. There was a long queue each morning for breakfast, and sometimes the food was finished when I went for breakfast, But good thing is it's quickly: replenished 
More efforts on House keeping To provide rooms to customers at the given time of check in without giving ridiculous excuses and make them wait for hours. 
The entire vibe at the hotel seemed to fit for a younger generation and not necessarily for young families. 
Decor was dark and I found it depressing. Our room had minimal natural light. 
Breakfast was a little chaotic with items running out and not being replenished. 
Breakfast was limited and the room's rate was high. 
Family room very small and no parking, No Halal option for food; 
The cooked breakfast was only warm 
Gave me the wrong room at first Parking is 45 
It was a shame that there is no room service, especially for the breakfast, but totally understandable, as the price would have to increase for the room. 
The size of the room, 
Booked a late check out only to have maintenance knock at 10 phone call from reception to check. We had a late check out at 12 and maids lnoxkong at 12, 30 
The drainage from the bedroom sink smelt very bad 
Location was great for Shoreditch, but a bit of a walk to the nearest tube station at Liverpool, St 
Nothing 
Access to hotel due to roadworks 
Cleanning is required, 
Maybe A LITTLE BIT EXPENSIVE, BUT THE STAFF MADE UP FOR THAT WITH WONDERFUL SERVICE AND GREAT FOOD. 
As many hotels in London, its price is high compared with other cities, particullary breakfast, but you can find options at walking distance 
Nothing 
Room was small but very comfortable. 
Complimentary gifts, e g, deodorant tootepaste advertised in bathroom were out of stock when we asked at reception 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Nothing 
The noise from other guest coming back to there room 
Coffee and tea, making facilities hidden away, No view from window 
We had requested the room package that included breakfast and the breakfast was a disappointment. The breakfast options were very limited and the services was slow. There was only 1 waitstaff who would take forever to replenish food items and sometimes not even do that. Also, the gym is tiny and there is no swimming pool for kids to enjoy 
The rooms are very small, which is ok, but not when the space is taken up by a huge desk. I was going to store my case in the wardrobe, but that had an ironing board in it Being a bit more clever with furniture like a desk which folds down from the wall freeing up floor space and an ironing board built into the wardrobe would make the Space much more pleasant to be in 
Paint flaking small bed expensive, not given free drink, unlike others, 
Signage to the restaurant and bar 
View, but that is just nit picking really 
Nothing much 
There was nothing to not like it was all perfect. 
I really didn't like the fact that, although the sheets and pillow cases were clean, the quilt had a cover on it that was designed to be reused by multiple guests. The thought that the cover wasn't clean and had been used by other guests wasn't nice, even if there was a sheet between me and it. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again unless they change this 
Would have been nice to have a view of Lincolns Inn Field, but appreciate not every room can have a view. 
The staff was disrespectful In the room, there was not even a slipper or toothbrush, and when we wanted them, they didn't give them. You have to pay extra for breakfast and there is a lack of options for breakfast. 
Just far from london, 
No complaints at all 
Free parking on weekends would be nice, 
Nothing 
There was mould in the bathroom ceiling in the upgraded room, The curtain rod was rusty and tiles and toilet was dirty. 
Could not get any sleep the whole night too much noise, It was devastating. I would like some sort of compensation from this. Hotel Spoke to the reception team. No one contacted me. 
Only minor issue regarding the housekeeping: They need to check their services. Sometimes they forget to do everything they should do during room services Delay in cleaning the room Forgot to replace towels. It happened only one time, but the hotel manager in duty reacted quickly and apologized. 
Nothing 
Guest information was supposedly on the TV but very difficult to find. 
Parking is very limited and very expensive. 
No mini fridge. 
Nothing to comment about 
Was all good 
I found nothing wrong. 
No BBC World and No CNN, unfortunately Slow, lift 
The rooms are tinnnnnnyyyy for an overnight stay, it would be great, but we were there for several days travelling from the US to Israel. There was no room in our room for the suitcases No counter in the bathroom 
More storage in tge bathroom would help 
Rooms are quite small, 
Nothing 
Nothing 
The rooms are a little small 
Cost 
Nothing 
Room very, very, very, very tiny. 
Didn'T like hair dryer, but perhaps I could have asked for a better one from reception. 
I did not consider at 180 for one night without breakfast that this room was good value for money, Small en suite Small T V, Only 2 English Tea bags for two people, not everyone drinks, herbal tea, Found it insulting to be asked. If I would like to upgrade and pay even more for a bigger room, because they know that the room I have booked is small and nothing special 
Rather poor breakfast not very clean bathroom, we were on the 2nd floor and could see only a high wall from our window, badly isolated, 
We were on first floor so close to the street and noise from the bars across the road we're very loud. The room and corridors are slightly dated, but overall great for the money paid 
If your at the front of the hotel just be warned, there is a bar opposite: that's open, til, quite late and noisy, then first thing in the morning we were woken by the rubbish being collected. 
Room door very heavy had to push hard to open it. Room key card rubbish, mine stopped working by the second day. The other took several attempts to open the door. Each time Hated the hotel facilities advertising strip running across the TV screen during every programme, ruined watching tv. For me, The furniture in the bar area, tired and worn, not as good a visit this time around Very sparse teabags supplied in room, even when more requested 
Hair dryer in room wasn't that great it could have been better and more powerful. 
Sunday bar staff very miserable, no, please or thank you very rude. 
Poor service and disinterested staff in the restaurant 
Asked for bathrobe didn't receive 
Not suitable for someone with knees, problems the shower was in the tube and the tube was to high, for my knees, lots of ways and turns to go from the entrance to the room. 
See above 
Very expensive for the rooms Lot of noise, The room and the bathroom very small 
Disabled access, 
Nothing 
Lots of sex shops, but I felt totally safe, Just not an environment. I would take children, however, in saying that there were families staying at the hotel. 
Fishy smell in the lobby, usually in lunch time, 
The room is very modern: The lights were all touch based and a little confusing to use The bathroom's water closet and shower were very small. I preferred taking a shower in the spa on the first floor. 
I would have preferred my expenses to be added on to my room bill. I had to pay as i went along for wine ect 
See above 
No air con 
Lack of plug sockets near the bed, 
Electric socket was under the dressing table. 
The bathroom had a little sewage smell Getting into the bath tub was not easy nor safe. The pillows were a little too firm for us. 
Room was hot, with no working air conditioning, though a fan was provided, The window opened on to a small recess in the middle of the block, 1 metre squared filled with large pipework. I e a functioning window. Poor continental breakfast selection, Selection of tea in the hotel, limited to English tea or Green tea. 
The beds were a bit small. I am only 6ft and hung over the end, But then it added to the feeling of being back in 1oth century London, No mini fridges in the room, so don't expect to be able to keep anything cold that you bring back with you. 
A larger room, 
Little choices for breakfast expensive than offered facilities staff not trained properly to handle bookings made via booking com. 
Bedroom overlooked no curtain, 
N, A 
I didn't like that you had to go up one big set of stairs to get to the lift with a pram. This wasn't ideal. The breakfast area was very cramped. Wasn'T enough space even had to share a table with another family and they had no high chairs available? 
Room a bit small for two people: 
Very small room average size double bed ran out of hot water for shower 
Parking parking and parking 
We didn't really use any of the facilities within the hotel, such as the gym and business centre or wifi, so can't advise how good or bad they were. The duvet cover on our extra child bed was not ironed and the TV in the room didn't work. However, as we were not in the room for long to watch TV, it wasn't a huge problem for us. 
Public toilets down by the restaurant were very dark and could do with an update. 
The bedspread smelt musty 
Room we had this time was like the room under the stairs Poor lighting and just small 
The fact that we were charged 12 5 service charge on every round of drinks in the Sky Bar even for 2 bottles of beer, where the service was to take the tops off the bottles unreasonable. In my view, 
Nothing really 
It'S v v v expensive, which is hard to justify, given there are cheaper hotels, nearby 
The sky bar is the most expensive bar I've ever seen. 
Our room was clean, but the common areas hallways seemed run down. The concierge was also not the most helpful 
The worst experience was at the sky bar lounger, where it felt that I am being paid to have a drink. The attitude of the bar tender was not at all acceptable. I had expressed checked out and have not received my invoice yet Its been 5 days already. No Pool 
The picture of the rooms are deceiving and our room was disappointingly smaller than I expected. The queen bed was very small for 2, Our room looked out on Pepys street and not hotels fault, but noise from building work opposite. We came back from breakfast the next morning to pack to move rooms, as not one available on arrival to find the maid tidying the room and making our bed for us. She was very lovely, but we couldn't get her to understand. We didn't need it and wouldn't leave. We were moved to King room facing inside bed much better intrusive view from other rooms. No coat hooks, not many hangers 4 night stay or drawers. The mirror over the desk is too high. Tv on apple mac has no programme guide. The air conditioning panel has a cover, but it doesn't cover it side view. So when in bed shone in my eyes, Key card needed to use, lift is temperamental. Sky bar gets very busy with external visitors and struggled to get seated to eat. Service charge is still added to drinks bill if you buy for the bar The carpet in the corridor on level. 5 is rucked up in places and come away from the join causing me to trip 
The price of drink in the hotel lobby, 13 for a glass of wine and 5 50 for a small, Heiniken, extremely expensive whne. You consider that in Witherspoons the same would cost half of that. The breakfast, while grand, could have a bit more variety for teh price. The English breakfast got a bit boring on the third day, A bit of white and black Irish pudding would be good. A few kippers, possibly 
Nothing Everything was quite good. 
No bath in the room, 
The view from our room looked straight out on to a brick bridge, not very pretty I'm sure some people got good views, but we were obviously just unlucky. 
Drinks quite expensive, 
Arrived early room, not ready, told it would be ready for 15 00. That was no problem, Went back after 15, 00 room, not ready, and it would be over an hour. They then changed our room to a disabled. One got to room half eaten chocolate left in the fridge Next day, room not made not by 19 05, given 6 complementary drinks, but we only wanted things right as we had paid for which was not cheep. 
On returning to the hotel late in the evening, we wanted to have a drink. To finish off the day, The lobby bar was empty and being vacuumed, so we headed to the SkyBar, which we found very disappointing as whilst not crowded offered limited seating and music was so loud. We could hear it from the lift, As it was mainly couples in the bar. The loud music seemed unnecessary. We left without having a drink, as did other people who were in the lift with us. One other annoying feature was the lifts failed to recognise that you had inserted your key card and therefore, on a couple of occasions, didn't stop at out floor. Loads of people were complaining in the lift about this 
Poor coffee as usual and long wait to check in, although this was down to extra security measures, 
I can't really say that we did not like anything about our stay. We were out most of the day and evening. 
Pillows were very soft but deflated once you placed your head on them. Maybe a firm pillow underneath with the light one in top 
Toilet broken in room Should have been in working order when we checked in Was not fixed. 
The cafe was shut at 2pm when I got there. 
I asked for slippers, but was not given 
Nothing 
Couldn'T find a room service menu, so we ordered from just eat. 
It was a busy hotel, so the lobby at times was a little full 
Some colour e g pictures in room and corridors which seemed bare 
Bathroom on the small side, but can't complain about facilities and cleanliness. 
Small shower enclosure, 
Bathroom floor was dirty had to get it cleaned. 
The weather, Lol 
No stairs iMac tv was poor. 
Crowd in the reception 
Maybe just pop another mirror in the main bedroom near a plug, so can style, hair, better 
Breakfast choice was great, but the buffet food was dry and not fresh. I did order from the menu and that came fresh 
Nothing for such a short stay. 
The previous person who stayed in the room was smoking. 
Pillows were hard 
Some of our towels were stained and I had to complain and get them replaced. 
The dedicate team needs to proactively reply to online requests, whether it is an approval or otherwise. It was out of the ordinary in a 4 stars, hotel, the mini bar locked and you need to request to get it opened. 
Room was a little on the small side, but expected for central London 
Tv didn't work, but we were offered free breakfast for the inconvenience 
The bed was slightly hard for my tastes, but I could still sleep on it. The breakfast room is quite compact and there was people having to wait for tables at some times on the morning. 
This property was not up to any standards, Pillows were so old and should have been replaced long ago. The tap on the bathroom sink barely ran water, The room was supposed to be for three people and there was literally no room for luggage. We had to open one case at a time as there was no room for us to manage all three pieces of luggage. The chair opened up to a bed which was so uncomfortable that my grandson had the worst sleeps. In the 21 days we were travelling. When I went to pay, I was told that my credit card had already been charged, No, where in the eight hotels I had booked for our trip, did the hotel charge my credit card without telling me I would not recommend this hotel 
The room was the tiniest I have ever seen If fitted a comfortable bed. Barely That's it. This is an accurate description of the room. 
The windows didn't close properly and the room wasn't thoroughly clean. Rubbish was left under the beds. Breakfast was ok but basic. 
Room was in basement accessed through breakfast room next to kitchen, so very noisy View from window was of small dirty, broken courtyard pillows, so flat may as well not had one Whole place needs an upgrade basement. Room should be sold as such at reduced rate Luckly. Only staying one night 
Booked this room for just myself single room and it was ridiculously small. There are no photos of the single rooms, so I didn't know what I was getting into Very overpriced for what I got. 100 contemplated moving hotel. However, no point in wasting all that money Pretty disappointed, but oh well, 
Breakfast was pretty basic, Did not like the basement room. 
Size of room and everyting else, 
Room is really small. I can barely put my luggage in too small, even for a single man. 
No remote control for TV, Handy gadget, didn't work, asked for new batteries and didn't action. This 
Bathroom very small 
Breakfast could have been better A very limited option, considering the class and overall quality was a great disappointment. 
Room size too small 
Room was too small: No fridge in room Little space in closet, provided 
We arrive around 4 pm the room, not ready, and they gave us room not in condition and not the same. What we book Next day, they shift us to other room, but also the Ac not working, and they brought to us split AC unit with wire aroun. The room not safe Other room, bad AC water coming from the roof, no one care Cleaning room. Just when you ask And no one follows the signs to clean the room. 
Its generally a good hotel, but I think, could be better. I just have some feedback and suggestions would be nice to have water bottles provided with tea and coffee facilities. Cleaning staff do not always replace tea bags and toiletories. Some international TV satellite channels would be nice and specifically for kids like cartoon network hotel blocked 1 night pay 2 days before arrival, and I have free cancellation up to 24 hours before arrival and payment details were pay on arrival. I did not like that. 
Receptionist during check in out a little hard work in communication. 
Room the size of a shoebox, Literally felt like i was sleeping in my suitcase As a result of this and noisy neighbours: zero sleep over three nights: 
Upon arrival, we were given an option of a basement room or a tiny room on the 2nd floor, as the receptionist had no availability felt like because we booked through booking com, they didn't care. The bed was tiny, not a double bed in between a single and double my boyfriend is 6ft 4 and of a stocky build. So we struggled to sleep 
Building a bit too rambly At the same time, this is part of the appeal of the place. 
Getting signed up to the hotel bonus program without permission, They missed my wake up, call 
The breakfast was okay, 
The 24 hour room service was sourced from outside restaurants and took 45 minutes. We received stone, cold burgers and chips at midnight. 
Breakfast not included in price 
Price is hith, 
Small room, poor air conditioning Windows could not be opened in the bedroom. 
It'S rubbish Do not recommended at all 
Not so good restaurant long waiting time, 
Size of the rooms Price for breakfast 
Don'T have dislikes thats why I keep coming back to this hotel 
Noise recycling Bottles being dumped Outside at the back during the night. 
Exspensive breakfast 
Nothing other than the window 
Can hear noise from lift 
Food very poor, plus staff, knowledge of English, very poor in restaurant 
Tea and coffee provision in room was very sparse, Went for an afternoon tea in the bar, no biscuits or nibbles Considering Costa coffee is a short walk away, not good for this purpose. 
The cleaner knocked out door at 8, 30 on Saturday morning When we said we wanted a lie in. She came back at 9 30 and woke us up again. We went out at 10 30 and returned at about 4 30 to rest for evening. As soon as we fell asleep, the cleaner knocked our door again to clean the room we let her in while in pjs about an hour later, we were disturbed again by a member of staff. Asking was our room cleaned, So we got no rest. We only stayed 2 nights and on the second one we had to get up early for plane. 
Wardrobe doors made a noise when your were walking around room. Getting on off bed Husband took doors off in the end Window, looked out to a wall. 
Nothing in particular, 
The bathroom was quite small and no view from the window. We faced a brick wall. 
The bar was not open after 11pm 
Room in the basement is not something I can recommend. 
The weather We had a bit of rain on the Saturday 
Rooms could have been bigger for an exec room. 
Windows were thin, so when your room is at the driveways side, you pretty much hear everything. Room didn't have refrigerator. 
The roof leaked from the air conditioning all night in the room, Highly annoying drip, keeping us awake most of the night. 
Noisy extractor fan from neighbouring building during one night Servicing of the room not quite up to a fair standard, Two light bulbs needed changing and the air extractor fan in the bathroom didn't work, which meant the room becoming very steamed up, Trim around the shower door, peeling Off Wrong towel brought on one day Tea bags not replaced on one day The breakfast on one morning was poorly cooked, The extras at breakfast. You have to pay for when having paid the full tariff, you might think you get the lot 
When we arrived, the first room we were given was so dirty. We had to ask to be moved. There was broken glass all over the chair, spilled wine, just lying on the desk and mould and hair all over the shower. After investigating the hotel agreed, the room had not been sufficiently cleaned. If at all, so we were moved to another room. This room was acceptably cleaner, but still shabby and a bit off putting Speaking of the shower. It went between hot and cold every few seconds, which is a surprisingly tortuous experience. The bed was tiny, The smallest double bed, I've ever slept in My feet, were off the edge of the bed and we both felt like we could fall out at any time When we spoke to the staff about these things. They were very nice and helpful, but slow to deal with the issues most likely due to a busy manager behind the scenes We had to go for a wander near the hotel for an hour before they agreed to move our room. We were on holiday and essentially just lost a good hour or two of exploring London We're fairly easy going with hotels, as we don't spend much time in them. But when you can't even get a decent sleep and shower it's a very bad state of affairs, Especially when you consider this is supposed to be a four star hotel at 150 per night, The photos of the rooms really flatter to deceive they're, nowhere near as nice, When you arrive, This does happen fairly often with hotel rooms, as the photographers are so good at getting great shots. However, in this case, you'll be left more disappointed with the reality than usual. This hotel will likely continue to do good business due to it's close proximity to Euston, but it really needs an overhaul. I'D suggest looking at other. Similarly priced safer options such as Premier Inn, 
Jug was full of water. How old lighting not sufficient strange noise from the window area during the night plug for wash hand basin slightly stiff 
Thought it was expensive and not good value for money. 
Just no refrigerator to store milk for children, 
There was nothing to complain about 
Very small space not enough for luggage and 2persons to stay 
The bed was rather soft. The view wasn't spectacular, but everything positive evened, those things out for us On the weekend evenings. There'S a party going on in the lobby which didnt't bother us but still would have been nice to know in advance. 
Food was ridiculously expensive Dinner for two and breakfast for two cost: 179. 
Breakfast should be included within the rate paid as it was expensive just for a room for 3 nights. 
The only issue for me was that after 12 am they do not serve hot drinks at the bar of the hotel. You are able to order cocktails and other alcohol drinks, but no tea or coffee 
Very small room Did not feel like a 4 star hotel 
Mattress need to be renewed, We could feel every spring Vey old and uncomfortable Shower, not very clean. 
Tv didn't work. Room was far too warm air con made no difference. 
There was a terrivble sewerage smell from the toilet. Breakfast was very bsic and no bacon and not nice sausages. 
The dining area is too small, lift is name sake. 
It didn't bother us, but the lift was tiny one person, 1 suitcase or 2 people. We didn't bother with lift 
The staff was rude, the hotel untidy and the air conditioning not working. I had one of the most horrible experience at this hotel. 
The rooms are very small, even the one to fit 3 people, The breakfast is limited and it when busy, you might have to wait a bit too long to get more food out. 
We asked for twin room, We were told they only do a double with sofa bed, which was a chair, so it was very narrow. 
Nothing really serious 
The hotel more sutible for youth and new married not for family 
Maybe more selection of tea, coffee, hot chocolate and biscuits xx. 
Great for one person bit cramped for 2 
Far from the tube station 15 20 min walk after a full touristy day in London is too much. The road of the hotel is very trafficked. 
The only thing I would say is that, as a group of girls sharing together having a bathroom door, you could see right through, although it was frosted, it didn't give you much privacy, But everything else was excellent. Xx. 
The additional bed was not as comfortable as the double bed. The kitchen area did not have enough space to put washed dishes. There wasn't a rack, provided The entrance of the room had a small staircase which was not desirable From our room. We could hear other rooms bathrooms when they flushed, which was annoying at late hours. 
Kettle was in a very akward place, All kitchen plugs were under the units. So to boil the kettle you needed to place kettle between lower shelves which might cause a hazard with those who have young children who like to explore. 
Nothing 
The frosted glass on the bathroom door, 
The bed was uncomfortable made a noise when you moved 
The location walked pretty far distance from Earl's Court. 
Removed face flannels in room and nesspresso maker in lounge since Last visit 3 months ago. Modern 
N, A 
Why cant we asked cheekily retrospectively, get some Club Carlson points for this stay. I have now registered and have an account 6015. 9950. 6907. 8911. 
The hotel was a distance from many other museums that we wanted to visit the Tates, the Science Museum, the V, A etc 
The room smelt of cigarette smoke when we arrived and was on the small side Also there was nowhere to sit and do hair make up, etc. The mirror at the desk was too high to sit at too low to stand at. In the end, I used the mirrored wardrobe door. However, this didn't provide anywhere to put makeup, etc, except on the bed. Not great with white covers 
The room was dark and felt small and claustrophobic, and this was a free upgrade. The bed sat on a frame with corners that stuck out wider than the mattress, so my legs are black and blue, with bruises from walking around the room. 
There was a very loud party in the hotel, The music kept us awake until 1am. This completely impacted on our enjoyment. The following day as we were extremely tired. We had booked this break to celebrate our birthdays and had been looking forward to our trip for some time. We were not told about the party at the time of the booking and was told by the manager. It was an impromptu party. We were compensated, which was very kind, but I would rather have had a good nights sleep and been able to enjoy the following day. 
Nothing 
The pillows in the room was too big. 
None 
The room that I booked turned out to be horrible and I insisted on a transfer After some haggling, I agreed to pay ten British pounds more for a better room. The bed in that room was awful. I couldn't believe I was going to complain again, but I did. The alternative was to pay the one night room cost and move to a better hotel. The staff graciously moved me to a better room and told me they even added a pilot option, so I would be more comfortable. 
A few cobwebs in the room, 
Rooms, small and very noisy 
Size of the double room was very small, but overall great hotel, location and staff were friendly and very professional. 
No minibar, no refrgerator in the room Ventillation in the bathroom, was out of order. 
I booked a twin room and also rang day before to ensure got twin beds, which I was told I would When checked in. There were none, and I said I was happy to have roll away. Bed was given room that could accommodate, but there were no roll away beds. I could have booked another place, a lot cheaper with twin beds and specifically checked with hotel, so I could cancel if not available. They said I would get so. I feel ripped off 
There was a massive queue when we went for breakfast at 10am. We had to wait about 10 minutes just to be seated in the dining room. It would've been helpful if we could've been warned about the queues at this time. It'S obviously a popular time to go. For breakfast, Then we might've chosen a quieter time and avoided the queues. 
Bathroom was mouldy Room, looked tired with unsafe fixings on windows, Requests to staff, weren't honoured, I E we called for shower gel and none was ever brought. We also asked at reception for soya milk, which was never brought to our room. As we were told it would be, The bar was hugely overpriced and understaffed. I queued for 20 minutes for 2 beers. 
The hotel was looking tired and bit shabby by modern day standards and its star rating 
First room they gave me was smelly, then they changed me to a better one. There was a huge queue to take. Breakfast never saw this before I had to wait 15 20 Mn to be seated at a table, but still there were lots of empty tables inside So definitely they are not very efficient on managing this 
The bed was too hard: 
A swimming pool, 
Unfriendly reception 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Room is small, old staff is unfriendly. 
Room was positioned, close to Lift shaft, so the fire door created a vacuum in the corridor rattling our bedroom door. 
Nothing everything perfect 
We were woken at 8 30am on a Saturday morning to ask when we would be checking out check out. Time was 11am. We were then disturbed again at 9 30am to see if we were still in the room. When we mentioned this at checkout, we were told we should have used the Do Not Disturb switch in the room. I think this happens, because you can check out by app whenever you like, so they do not know who is still in the hotel. 
The first room we saw was spacious and well equipped, but had a damp smell On opening the windows for fresh air. The traffic noise was very loud. The second room was fresh, clean, quiet away from the street, but was small ideal for a single traveller, But it was fine shower room was clean. If tiny - and we slept very well 
Their online check in not very clear on detail of room and bed type 
Nothing really only thing would be perhaps a little more choice on the buffet 
We were very disappointed in the restaurant. There was not a lot of choice. We ended up eating both nights of our stay in our hotel ordering room service, which was more of a varied menu. Breakfast was very good, with lots of choice. 
A less overtly commercial attitude and aggressive marketing through the WiFi system needs to be reviewed, Unhappy Staff and lack of a sense of welcome or Hospitality needs addressing in reviews. The Security staff are excellent, however. 
The price of drinks was on the high side and could easily be reduced to accommodate all guests. 
Reception staff were most unhelpful and unwelcoming. The waiting staff were delightful. 
Room was quite small and dark. 
Lack of free drinking water in the room, 
Firmer pillows would have been nice. Some parts of the hotel were too dark, such as stairwells and corridors. Extra lighting would help 
Despite having sent details weeks before arrival, it took far too long to get us the sort of room we asked for. So we had a very long wait. After all, our travel before we could actually settle in 
The fire alarm went off at 3 30 in the morning and we had to evacuate the building. The staff input during this time was non existent. However, I have complained about this to the hotel and feel like they have taken onboard the problems and plan to ensure future evacuations run more smoothly. 
Nothing 
View from room 
Always looking for competitive pricing anywhere, I stay 
Only slight problem is the location being a bit far from the centre. Metro station is just down the road, though, which we took every day. 
Everything was good, 
Lock didn't work on the bedroom door and the door to balcony didn't lock, although it was reported and supposedly seen to No information folder in room 
We had booked twin room, but it was not available for the two first nights, so they upgraded us to junior suite. For the rest, two nights, The room was lovely, but the bed was creaky. 
It was on a very busy road, so we couldn't have the door open. 
The only down side to this hotel is that, despite being convenientely close to the train station for quick acccess to the airport and downtown, and also to the tram station, its still a 7 minute walk that with amsterdam very changing weather, it can mean you could get Very wet, as we did Also as you wonder, around Amsterdam Center and buy things. It could be conveniente to have a close hotel nearby to drop stuff off and keep exploring in this case. Going back to the hotel and back would be a little to far away. Yet we did love the hotel and it is much cheaper than most of the options downtown. So if you dont mind the commute, this hotel is for you, 
As you enter, there is a strong sewage smell. The bed was very uncomfortable, lumpy and hard. It was an old mattress, Only one pillow that was thin and lumpy. I asked for another, but was provided with the same kind. The check in woman stayed on the phone during my check in and disregarded me as a nuisance. No one told me about the room or facilities. The room was really small. This is only a 3 star hotel, 
Every extra had a cost Very limited, no extras other than the room, For example, no, tea or coffee in the room only paid for at the bears Not a huge issue but would have been a nice touch. 
The toilet door opened in and was stopped by the toilet seat, so we had to squeeze in the little gap. The wait for the lift can be quite long at times. 
Didn'T like the room service, served cold food only during the night, no hot, warm meals. I am used to hotels serving this 24 7 Bit far from the city centre than I realised, but it wasn't that bad in the end, 
They don't have conditioner and body milk 
The sofa bed was a bit on the small side. 
I booked this hotel because I wanted something special. I dont mind paying more for a hotel if it comes with a good experience, but this one was very underwhelming. The room was generally OK, but the bathroom was dated and dark. The staff were very slow in both the bars and restaurants when your paying 7 euros for a bottle of water. You expect more 
Breakfast buffet was very expensive. Parking may be a challenge if you are an American and are used to larger spaces. 
As said above, the noise of the traffic 
Nothing to dislike 
There was a mixup with luggage that caused a bit of confusion, But we got a complementary breakfast to compensate 
Bed wasn't too comfortable room was a little old fashioned. Price is generally high in this hotel, considering missed out on the small things I e bathroom products, not enough sockets in the room near the bed and phone didn't work to call down to reception. 
Nothing comes to mind. 
The rooms were not ready until 3pm, But they did store our luggage, so we could go tour around 
All was good 
Air conditioner was noisy at night time. 
Insistence at taking 25 from your credit card in case of extras at check in and then announcing it would take 4 5 days to be repaid at check out 
Nothing 
The room was too hot and there was no window that opened 
Some lights are not working and the light switches are very complicated. 
Ordinary quality breakfast 
While Do Not Disturb sign was on with my baby sleeping one staff came knocking on the door twice then rang the bell just to ask, was house keeping done to your room today or not Noisy lobby with no much of seats During check out. I waited more than 30 min for someone to take my luggage from the room. 
Nothing I didn't like The only thing is. It would be good to hav a magnified mirror in bathroom 
House keeping was very disappointing, No laundry bags, slippers or in room dining menu were available. Tea and coffee capsules were only provided upon check in 
Reception staff, two rooms not as shown in booking com, size and facilities, and features the very long distance between rooms and lifts, both rooms with disappointed view very bad view, will not try this hotel again. 
Don'T like costa type refreshments, 
The housekeeping staff did not refill the drinks and milk in my room. 
Needs upgrade 
Should be good to have an early check in After night flight, we had to wait 6 hours with a child at the reception 
Nothing 
My room on the ground floor didn't exactly have a great view. The window was level with the ground outside and didn't feel particularly private. It was also hard to get the temperature right in the room. 
The hotel wasn't close to the metro, so we had to walk really far to get to it On the way back, we ended up taking a taxi instead, 
Far from the city 
The parking was extra expensive as it doesn't belong to the hotel, although there hardly any other places to leave the car 
Parking extra 40 per day and room rates high, but I guess thats, just central London for you, 
Underground parking barriers were broken so had to reverse around the underground. To get back up. Car park was out of order with no sinage with high curbs. This wasn't ideal Told the hotel and no one really cared 
The kettle was dirty and the filter looked like it had not been changed in a very long time. We did not use it. 
The cost of watching movies and that the original price i seen for a 2 night stay at the hotel on booking com was 250 and due to me, having to ask permission to book this hotel. I went back on to book and it cost 372, which was a substantial jump within a day I still booked the hotel based on its location and the holiday inn, reputation. 
Shower screen leaked to floor. 
Twin room was a small and beds very close together. 
The beds are not comfortable 
Price 
Some staffs, not so great 
Beds on roof wooden and uncomfortable 
Staff in the morning was alright staff at night for check in partially, not so helpful. Main issue bed was very uncomfortable and not good. If you want to sleep in this hotel, room 33 Rubbish bin was not emptied and contained still rubbish from previous guest Completely overpriced. For the quality you get 
The room was worn and requires updating The cleanliness was poor, dirty carpet and skirting boards. The bathroom was very small and difficult to move around the shower sprayed everywhere with no heated towel rail or fan to get rid of the condensation 
Breakfast 
Its a little bit expensive just for room only 
Corridor Cleanliness, 
Room to small 
The rooms are very small, 
Room is a bit small 
The batteries in the locker had run very low, which made it very difficult to operate That wasn't fixed until days later. The breakfast lounge kitchen was undermanned, things would run out and it would take too long to wait for them to be replaced. There were quite a number of cheap iron chairs there that needed, fixing The rubber pad at the bottom had come off. So there was this incredible screech. Every time you moved the chair or stood up, The beds were uncomfortable too stiff. I found it strange having to pay for all the hotel weeks in advance and that the payment would be nonrefundable. 
The beds are a tad too hard and although soundproofed you can hear furniture scraping off floors, prehaps from above rooms early in morning, 
Location is not great House keeping are not available, always 
The security was poor, 
Decor not to my taste but probably is to most others, Queen room rather small, Some confusion amongst staff, sometimes e g room not serviced after first night, apparently not on schedule. When key didn't work on third night just needed reformatting. I was told initially that it had run out of power, then that it might not work because I might have sat on it. Nothing major, just some personnel needing a bit more training experience. 
A minor issue, the room we had, unfortunately had a fault with the air conditioning unit, which would very occasionally make a horrible loud noise for a few seconds. This was potentially a problem, but as it didn't last long I told the staff about it at the end of my stay becasue I didn't want the hassle of moving all my stuff once we had settled in I'm sure they would have moved us. If I had asked it seemed that sort of place, It was room 20 on the lower ground floor by the way 
Nothing 
None 
The room wasn't as spacious, as i had hoped for. 
Nothing 
Room a bit small 
Nothing 
Door banging in room next door: 
Staff were rude: 
Rooms, pretty small 
No mini bar or room service 
A fridge in the room, 
Breakfast included would have been nice Apart from that no faults at all. 
The prices for drinks etc are very high and the 12 5 service charge on top 
Shortage of shampoos and shower cleaners in the bath room, 
Food could be improved, 
Breakfast was pricy, dinner was limited in hour. No real amenities like gym sauna, Jacuzzi and bar was empty. Not a social environment Didn't know it was a gay neighbor Was looking to meet men. Description of the property should include Gayiaxample 
Rooms maybe a little dated, but that would be knit picking 
Having to go through main reception to health club facilities, 
Huge crowds at breakfast time, which was extremely off putting Ordered room service couple of times Food was not good. 
Service and room was not fit for purpose When complained, staff, indifferent and not interested Kept, saying we'd booked through a third party and refused to help 
Room and bathroom slightly bigger, 
Breakfast was average, coffee was awful. 
Everything was ok for me. 
No complaints at all 
It was a bit on the small side for a double room: 
Scrambled eggs 
We were originally given a room on the top level, so there wasn't a window only a small skylight which made me quite claustrophobic. Unfortunately, it was a couple of days before they had another room available and I was very happy when they did The room given to my adult daughters was huge, but with the angle ceiling again in the roofline, it meant the window was from the floor up to About a metre 
Nothing our stay was perfect. 
Standart room is small, but again according to the price 
Air conditioning was not so good. 
The hotel hasn't been updated in thirty years. The airconditioning in my room didn't work. It only made noise. There are no electrical outlets next to the bed. Instead, there is some sort of control panel that looks like it came out of a 70's sci fi movie. The room has a carpet floor, a carpet floor in Italy where in summer time it reaches 30 degrees. I didn't sleep well and the wifi doesn't work well either. This hotel needs some serious love to be able to compete with the other hotels in the city. I will not be recommending it. 
Too old 
Out dated hotel, we got also bitten evry. Where looks like there was something in our bed cause. The kid was clean. No bite marks at all Rooms felt dirty 
If i had to dislike anything, we had a poor view from the room, but this is a hotel in an awsome city centre. So all rooms cannt have a perfect view. 
Nothing 
Nothing really they charged us for a meal which we didn't have. However, as soon as I said, it was a mistake. They took it off the bill. This is not the first time that this has happened to me in Amsterdam. I don't think that they have, anyway, of checking that you are the occupier of the room. You are buying the meal on Now, there's a tip for you. 
When we were staying, there was building work going on above us. So if you've had a late night, then this is so annoying as they started from he beds are very comfortable. 7 am and we could not get any sleep due to the bangs and the noises. I really think they should start from 10 am onwards. However, I'm pretty sure the building work is not going to be there forever. 
Hotel was under renovation; Unfortunately, it's losing its classic charm. 
Problem with hot water on arrival sorted quickly, though 
The bathtub is very deep: the shower head is close to the wall and the stopper is in the way The bathroom door closes fast uncontrollably and loud Room is small. There is no spa or swimming pool, Very small fitness room. The rooms are very expensive for basic accommodations 
Accessaroues at toilets, 
Some staff were grumpy and not approachable. Wi fi was temperamental 
Having to leave 
No probulms 
Breakfast is not included in 100Eur room. A bit strange parking 15Eur day is a lot 
Wifi come on its a 5 star hotel and i don't want to pay for watching a movie. 
One chair in the room, the pellows not comfortabels, the parking too expenseve 
Cleaning of room 
Air conditionning we felt cold even at the max temperature, 25 C. One of the receptionists gave us false or inappropriate indications. 
Family room beds wasn't ready Super expensive car park and, u have to pay for extra for later. I think 40 for car park is too much 
Washroom sink was blocked, power shower was not working. Bath tub was also blocked. These are things that should be inspected by the staff anf fixed ahead of guest arrival. Breakfast was ok and pretty bland Could have been better 
The pool is open until 10 pm, but they do not admit guests after 9 pm 
Grumpy bar lady 
Nothing 
Bed seemed small for a double Room, a bit gloomy due to foliage outside Noisy at night, not a good nights. Sleep 
I found the hotel to be understaffed and the staff who were, though, where very young and in experianced every time i went to work and came back my door cartd, never worked on thre occasions. I went down to the bar for a refreshing beer, but on the first occassion my lager was flat, but I never aid anythin. The second time I gave up waiting to be served and in the third occasion they had run out of Lager and bitter, and it was still only around 8 30 at nite. 
The staff took less than 20 minutes to make the bed clean the bathroom and clean the bedroom Impossible. The bed had a mattress protector which did not fit correctly. Therefore, it was crinkled underneath the bottom sheet and could not be straightened so uncomfortable all night. The lighting was terrible, you could not see either in the bedroom or the bathroom, so no chance to apply make up correctly. We always book with booking com, both in England and Spain, and this is the first time we have been very disappointed and felt we had to lodge our complaint. 
Restaurant wait of 45mins for a bowl of pasta Check in staff, felt very rushed and dis interested poor room, location near corridor doors Breakfast basic Overall, not worth the money. 
The receptionist the shower was awful and the bed was uncomfortable, also very noisy in the corridors. 
I wish the had more drawers to keep stuff like beside the bed. 
I would be happy stay more often if it was a little less expensive, but i guess you get what you pay for. 
The rooms were a little overpriced for what we got. They were more like a standard hotel room rather than a superior room. 
Nothing 
A very small gym and swimming pool 
My daughter was with me and she managed to leave a jumper in the wardrobe of room 531 As it was an expensive one. She rang the hotel when she got home to ask if they could locate it. They promised to check and ring her back. She did not have a response so rang again and this time the receptionist was quite rude and abrupt with her and didn't appear that helpful. Needless to say, she did not ring back, so my daughter then gave up Not good, really and based on this issue. We would not return back and in future, would use the Premiere Inn next door. 
Nothing everything was excellent. 
It'S classified as a four star hotel, yet it had no safe in the room and the room wasn't ready when we arrived at 3pm Overall, it just felt like a travel lodge 
The breakfast was not very tasty and the baked goods was not fresh. Also, the yoghurt drink provided was off, There's no fridge in the room Staff were not very friendly and the location was far from everything Other than that the rooms were clean and comfortable. 
Car park security could be improved for motorcycles. An area was provided but had no securing rail to chain a vehicle to and no cctv specifically for that area. 
Firstly, when we arrived at hotel l asked was the room ready by any chance and the receptionist just said. No so l told her l did ask for early check in if possible, because we had to be somewhere at two. She was so rude with a firm answer, no smiles. What so ever she saidthat Saturday is a very busy day. The thing is, l only asked a question and when we finally got in our room, the smoke alarm was covered, so we phoned down to reception straight away to have the plastic removed and we had to ask for key to balcony, which l thought was strange. 
Vey noisy fan that disturbed sleep, particularly first night of stay, Lack of draw space for clothing, Toilet button, a bit temperamental Remote control for television, not fully operational, Wasn't expecting to pay a service charge when ordering food and drink from the bar 
The lighting in the room was a bit on the dark side needed to get ready for a wedding struggled with the lighting 
Nothing 
Very noisy fan in bathroom can't easily access the airport without a taxi. 
Didn'T have the room I booked superior with sofa bed months in advance. When I told reception, they just said they didn't have one. They did find one when I insisted should not have been put in that position. 
The air conditioning wouldn't turn off the room was, however, at an ideal temperature, but the unit was quite noisy, which was annoying ps. I didn't report this as an issue. I'M sure it would have been fixed if I did 
Room was very poor and basic expected more for the price, Also booked a family room, but the sofa bed wasn't made up so had to request this, not a problem but no extra, towels etc. Given for the 3rd person, 
More milk for tea, hehe 
Didnt stay long enough to have an opinion. 
Car parking was a nightmare with staff not being much help. 
Bed was extremely comfortable, but could have been a bit wider. 
Nothing wrong at all. 
Room was boiling at first no AC, 
Staff in restaurant They took my order and never brought it to me. Also very poor choice for vegetarians 
So many corridors 
Nothing 
I honestly can't think of anything that I didn't like 
The hotel needs to develop services and rooms. I asked Sleeper for the bath 4 times and they got my order two days later. Any time call on Reception. No answer. Bed has a bad smell. 
The second double be wasn't as comfortable as the other one 
Bedroom a little bit too warm 
No air conditioning Did have a fan which helped 
Restaurant Manager Very rude and dismissive 
A bit slow the service in the breakfast room, 
The reception staff were quite confusing at explaining issues around booking and credit card charges. When you book through booking com, the hotel does a pre charge which is equivalent to one night. When you arrive, they then charge you in full for your stay and then take another pre authorisation off you credit card. This all seemed unnecessarily complicated and confusing, and the reception staff did not explain this well at all. Furthermore, its been almost a week and they have still not unblock my credit card from the initial pre authorisation. The breakfast was also confusing. If breakfast is included, no one explains how it works. There is no buffet but a full menu, and you can actually choose as much or little off it as you want. But this was not mentioned at all. One can feel a little ripped off by this, and it might make more sense to just choose a la carte. Instead, 
I was ignored for atleast five minutes when I arrived and I could hear a couple having sex in the room. Above me, 
Slightly tired rooms and a tea making machine that I couldn't fathom out and looked like a toaster and no biscuits. 
Breakfast was not up to the usual standards of this. Hotel tables were not cleared, and we had to wait for a table. Hot food was not replenished very quickly. 
The roof top pool was very small. 
We didn't like most of it, The staff were not particularly friendly or helpful. There was a problem with our booking, and the man on reception was not helpful and the way he dealt with the situation was bad customer service. After this, I felt awkward and wanted to be out of the hotel as much as possible. I have stayed in many hotels through booking com, and the service in this hotel was the worst by far Very expensive. For the standard we received Stayed in hotels all over the world, and this was the most disappointing. The photos are very deceiving, the pool is tiny, the hotel is also quite small. The porter was very sweet. He was the only positive I can say about the hotel. No wonder it wasn't very busy If I can give any advice to the hotel management Invest in customer service training for your reception staff. 
Breakfast could be much healthier and more contemporary ie, healthy granolas and nut milks room was dark as it faced on to the courtyard 
Our room did not meet our expectations. The bed smaller than queen size and one side was up against a wall more like a single room than a standard. Double room We complained are were moved to a larger room with king size bed, but in another building Overall disappointed with our stay. 
The staff at the Hotel were rude and offensive the room. Terrible, no hot water TV stations did not work. Toilet did not work towels very hard When we complained. The reception manager accused us as liars 
I have stayed here over a 5 year period now and the room was starting to show and feel a lack of investment. It felt worn and ever so slightly as though it needed a deep clean. The same is true of the corridors. 
Falling apart, Aircon went off during the night Repaired by removing thermostat panel and replacing, which means it has an electrical fault. Light fell out in bathroom, Wifi only worked if sitting in the toilet, And this was in our second room. We moved from the first as all the electrics, creaked and clicked and the mattresses were so old. They were: U shaped with the aircon blasting on your head, not your feet: Terrible hotel, 
Bad lightening small rooms, Blood and lipstick stain on the bed Safe, not working Cupboard doors, not closing Toilet, make skweaking noise when sat on 
This was a 30th Birthday trip away which the hotel were aware of. We arrived to a small dirty room. The next morning we found a pair of a previous customers pants in among the clean towels. When reporting this to staff at reception. We were asked to speak to 3 different members of staff before someone decided to move us to another room, not 1 of these members of staff apologised. Nor was the inconvenience acknowledged. This was not an inexpensive hotel and for what I paid, I would have expected a lot more in terms of service and cleanliness, Extremely disappointed. 
Check in took too long No seats in foyer Made a mistake with the booking gave us double when we actually booked a twin Room was so dated. Bathroom was old and needs. Redecoration Would not stay here. Agian 
The twin room i have got did not have view it looks over a courtyard. The twin beds are too small for an adult and they are unbalanced and not comfortable at all. If you do not checkout by 1200 than you have to pay 50 Pounds, 
No gym 
The Internet is very weak. 
Noise 
Cleaniless bed, comfort, 
The hotel standards compared to a stay 5 years ago have dropped dramatically. I would not consider this hotel again. 
The double bed has 2 separate mattresses instead of one big. It is a little noisy at night. 
The room, especially the bathroom, was very small: The room wasnt, exactly ready when we arrived and had to wait a while. There was no usual upgrade, despite being Marriott member 
Noise 
None 
Waited over an hour to check into our room, although we arrived just after 14, 00, Unfortunately, saying sorry, repeatedly saying it's your first day doesn't make the experience any better. 
The only point of remark, if i must give one, was the fact that they're styled a little bit our room. What is beautifull done, But the new curtains did not stop the light sun so good as before. 
The distance from the metro station about 15 minutes 
The hotel reacted a bit late on some comments I had, but when they reacted, they did it in a very good way which solved the problem in a satisfactory way for us. 
Rooms are on the small size for the price you pay. 
Rather, small rooms and no lobby 
Hotel is looking tired as compared to a few years ago, If you have a room at the front of the hotel, it is extremely noise. At night We hardly got any sleep Would be nice for the hotel to offer hot chocolate, as well as tea and coffee. In the rooms 
We had an Executive twin room, but there was only one easy chair and no small occasional table. There was a problem with the television. It did not work at all. While we were there, The lighting in the room was poor for reading. The Welcome Tray was meagre. No hot chocolate option and no biscuits Ther was a large crack in the wash basin We reported problems to the staff. A refund was not possible, but they said they would put loyalty points on our friend's card who were staying with us at the hotel. Very 
The room was an upgrade to a better room and although the room was great, it was a little bit battered around the edges, chipped paintwork and a stained sink 
The pool isn't big enough for an adult to swim in 
Poor food and slow service Really didn't rate breakfast 
Unfortunately, half the rooms overlook a very, very busy street and not a friendly lane, with heavy trafic all night long Very difficult to sleep without ear plugs If sensitive to noise, ask for a room overlooking garden. 
Room was small, hardly room to walk past the double bed into the bathroom 
Small space 
Early call was booked and never happened, Limited parking on site, Poor Ironing facilities, 
I turned up to be told I had to pay an extra 120 pound deposit which wasn't happy about as wasn't told about this, then to wake up and check my balance to find out. They took the 240 pound out, as they accidentally took it out twice. 
If someone want to be on the city center, he should take another hotel. 
All good 
Having a luggage stand would have been nice 
There were 2 things that I did not expect to find in a Radisson chain. Hotel 1 During check in. I was surprised to find out that hotel not only needs my credit card information, but also wants a security deposit of 140. Eur room was already paid. Normally I understand why this is happening, but here Why exactly this sum, though? Minibar contents, surely are not worth 140 EUR After checkout. They didn't release the blocked amount. What if guest, needs this money in the end of long journey? This is totally unacceptable. 2 Floor heating. In the bathroom did not work properly, As I was trying to switch it on all the electricity in the room was out. We could not even close the door because there was an electronic lock. It seemed to be a common problem, as staff was pretty fast with resolving it Still why to implement floor heating, if guests cannot use it. 
Facility is pretty old, but it was clean. 
Gym needs better heat ventilation and updated equipment. Certain areas need a new paintjob 
Tiny quibble but on floor, signage to rooms, uses pale colours on other pale colours, not easily visible. 
The only thing I didn't like - and I would like to point out this is just my own. Personal preference was the bed. It was far to hard for me. I need a bed with a little bit more give in than being as hard as a rock. Also, the pillows bascially did nothing, you leant on them, and it was like you, weren't, sleeping on any pillows at all, Plus the walls between rooms were not very soundproof. Saturday evening we were joined by a family in the adjoining room, who had an over excitable child who couldn't didn't know how to keep his voice down. 
Trouble with lights and AC Had to call front desk two different nights: 
Lighting 
Mattress was bit hard uncomfortable other than that excellent 
N, a 
Dingy dirty and inefficient my debit card processed x, 3 times 
Needed decaff ground coffee for breakfast. Everything else was perfect. 
Room was not serviced on third day 
Be nice if they had an exercise room Also would be nice to have a more extensive food selection. 
Kitchenette, but not even coffee provided Room photos are misleading. You have to have the cable for the kettle over the hob Shower was diabolical water around the edge. Only Half the lights didn't work. 
A regular shuttle service to the Metro station would have been a nice addition. 
It doesn't have any good restaurants or groceries shop close by 
A city tax we didn't know about 27 euros for 5 nights, Shop, 15, minute, walk away, No nearby bars or restaurants, seriously. Zero 40 minute trip into Amsterdam. We expected this as we went out of town for a good price, but I could imagine it getting tiresome with a family Be prepared for high bar prices if you'd like a drink after a hard days sight seeing 
I noticed quite a few guests patronising the little cafe next door, The reason's you need to investigate and resolve it them to enable guests to eat at the hotel. 
The staff, where so inpatient and a bit rude 
Little bit more variety for breakfast would be great, but overall good experience. 
Honestly, nothing Maybe would have been great that the sound in the bathroom would have worked. But, honestly, this is a minor point And we managed it with the radio from the TV 
No air conditioner available 
Elevator service for executive rooms is a nice idea, but I really would prefer using the same elevator as other guests, because it seemed that it was working better and faster. Breakfast price could be a little lower. Then we would considered taking it. Otherwise, you could find plenty of places around to have breakfast for 18 EUR 
A bit overpriced, but it's Vienna 
The housekeeping lady opened my room door every day early in the morning, while sleeping 
Garden open before 9am 
Nothing REALLY 
Standard room was small, Just room for bedside cabinets, reduced height, wardrobe Air conditioning packed up during the night Couldn't get coffee machine to work. 
The perception of the hotel on Booking com is one of a luxury: fine, dining hotel, well thats, how we perceived it from the pictures. I should have got the hint. When i reserved a table for dinner. They said there was no need. The hotel has a conference centre, so is geared towards corperate guests. My wife and i were vastly overdressed for dinner and looked out of place against the IBM delegates, jeans and short sleeve shirt brigade. 
Stairs tricky our nearest ones, didnt go to the gtround floor. It wasn't ckear until we got to the bottom. 
The room was very hot: the bathroom needed a good clean on the floor around the bath. Everything in the room felt sticky. The one chair was dirty For what we paid. I would have expected better facilities. Travel Lodges are the same standard, but cheaper 
Parking is for a fee, but good to have available. Breakfast buffet at hotel is for a fee, but places to eat are with walking distance, so available choices. 
Poor check in process kept waiting for a long time and was in a hurry, Not enough front office staff at a busy check in time. This first impression reflects the overall feeling of the hotels, efficiency 
The room was very warm, so air conditioning would have been a bonus. Although there was a table top fan provided in the room, The sink which was located directly behind the door of the bathroom, was inconvenient. It would have been nice if bathrobes and slippers were provided. 
Bar prices, 2 drinks, 19 Hair dryer - has no get up and go 
Booking com stated that if there was parking available on the property it would be free Parking was available, but we were charged 10 per night. 
Booking page says, parking is available on a first come basis, Did not expect to be charged for it. 
Furnishings very sparse: No drawers in Executive room Wardrobe, 18inches wide 
Road noise at night, lack of air conditioning the hotel was starting to look tired, 
N, A 
Beds and bedding fitted carpet 
Wifi was very poor. 
Iron and ironing board are in a room behind reception rather than having a few available from housekeeping, so you can iron in the room Challenging when you've been on the road for a few weeks and need to iron a few things for a conference. 
Room cleaning earlier in the day, 
Not much 
Aircon not up to the job 3 people in the room on full was still warm, but hotel, provided us with a fan and room did smell a bit damp. Otherwise, perfect 
Parking was more expensive than I thought, although it was validated by hotel. Even though I left a day early was charged forv2 days, stay 
I called reception from the hotel room a couple of times they didn't answer. The view from my window was horrible. 
Exec lounge closed on a Monday night early 
Location not as close to London, sights 
The parking exit wasn't working and the cost of the parking 
Bathroom was very bijou. 
Could have done with double glazing, but I presume that will come soon as refurb seems to very high standard. 
No beds longer than 6ft, I am 6ft2 and my feet hang over the end of the bed. My wife, who was not with me, is 6ft4 and needs a bed 6ft6 long, at least I'd love to come back with her, but we may go for an AirBnB that has long enough beds. 
There'S always possibility for improvement, but overall I would visit again 
The standard double room is a little bit small, but still likeable 
Small basic bathroom, Low water pressure - I was on 10th floor so might explain it. Breakfast area was very small, got very busy and the Egg Chef was struggling to make to order 
The only thing which was good, the beds are comfortable and AC provided, which was cold 
It said that you could check in from 14 00, We arrived and was told that the room wouldn't be ready until 14 30. That time went None of the staff informed us even tho. We were sat in reception. We were then told it would be ready in ten mins. Again, no one told us. We eventually got in the room at 15, 50 after much chasing back and fourth, We felt that the service was very poor and we received no apology. If the rooms are not going to be available from two, then you should change the check in time. 
Rooms are small, hotel is dated, food is expensive and not great quality staff are nice, depending on who you get 
Expensive breakfast 
Location 
A bit noisy and the room was a little cramped. 
Rooms very small, There is no refrigirator, There is no shower door. Curtain Everywhere gets wet after shower. 
The ROOM SIZES ARE VERY, VERY SMALL. It WAS UNCOMFIRTABLE 
The shower was ancient very difficult to regulate The carpet needed, replacing 
Room and bathroom very small 
Room was to small felt, very cramped. 
Bed mattress room size, bathroom, specially shower water, 
Hygiene, especially bathroom too old and dirty 
There WAS A PROBLEM WITH RENOVATION: THERE WAS NOISE FROM DRILLING IN THE WALLS. 
Parking was full despite having asked for parking in the reservation. 
The underground garage is not accessible due to narrowness of entrance Audi A6. 
We were supposed to have a nice Plaza view, but there was only a big construction work just in front of the hotel because they were building a new metro station there. So it was impossible to enjoy the balcony or open the balcony door during construction hours. The noice was terrible, 
Construction works in front of the hotel started very early even on Saturday, Around 6 am 
Nothing 
Not close to the central area, Although there are trolley's closeby, There are really no restaurants around and the one in the hotel is not great. The hotel is awaiting a liquor licence, so you cannot get a drink, although there is a grocery store nearby that sells wine. If you want ice, they give it to you in a plastic bag that leaks in minutes, and if you want cutlery, they give you plastic ones. 
No acces to stairs for all guests. 
The only thing we didn't like was that the nespresso machine in our room didn't work. 
Our room was recently redone and the aesthetic choices are pretty awful. 
Noise from the corridor Cleaning was average Hotel, lacked atmosphere and soul. 
Breakfast is a bit chaotic, Always run out of plates and cups and coffee A bit messy 
Cost of breakfast 
Nothing 
Room was not what we requested: No dressing, gowns slippers Automatic light in wardrobes, not suitable Staff pleasant, but under trained 
Nothing 
Windows, don't open Temp control with ac, not adequate 
Silly, but would have preferred sheets on beds as quilts were very warm. 
There should be more sun beds or chairs around the pool. We were unable to use the pool as it meant sitting or laying on the floor. 
Not much Metro could be closer and rooms could be bigger, but very minor concerns for us. 
No coffee or tea making facilities in room, One of the lifts was constantly broken. Overall cleaning of room was good apart from one day when clean towels and sheets were left on the sofa and a pillow from the bed. On top of the case of one of the works of art, Perhaps the cleaner was interrupted. Mid job 
Housekeeping i found hair in the toilet during check in I paied for superior room, and i got small sized room instead, then i had to change it. The next day The elevator takes long time to arrive. 
Nothing 
The room was old and dated holes in the carpet windows. You could not see out of unless standing on your tip toes and a very long walk and 2 lifts to the bedroom. 
Rooms, filthy and dirty stains all over the carpets, walls and furniture, Stale smell of urine in rooms, Extra charge for parking of 5 a day Bathroom and shower were discusting. Refurbed rooms are better with more modern, decor and bathrooms, but still same old stained carpet Old and outdated decor. Two seperate lifts to reach different floors: witb long walk between lifts, No concierge service to help with luggage; 
Bed was more like a small double Very poor for what was supposed to be a superior room. 
There was a strange smell in the room, probably due to the fact that the hotel is located in an old building, no parking of the hotel, but there's one really close to the hotel. 
Everything was just great at the hotel, except for their policy of requiring euros 25 per day for Internet access. This is unheard of in major hotels. Around the world Like in airports, it's free With at most only high speed, Wi Fi is charge for 
The triple room was small Extra sofa bed was very bad, and broken Internet is not free, while it is in most of Vienna. Streets Triple room has no view and the one in the 4th floor was so small, so we had to ask to change it with the one in the 3rd floor. Instead, 
There was no fridge to put food in. There was a small vending machine in the room, but it wasn't working. Unfortunately, 
Quite a long way out of the city, Good public transport, though 
No lift from floor seven to 8 
The pool photos are a lie. The fumes from the boats when they park next to the hotel caused my husbands, asthma, to trigger horrendous, The pool bar service and food were poor at best, The bowl of chips served contains about quarter of a basket of dry chips. Very, very poor value. If we hadn't had to pay on arrival, we would have moved hotels. This is a hotel for short stays when the boats come in, forget it for anything else. Dinner is non existent, the bar has no atmosphere and the upstairs bar was shut for 6 of the 7 nights. We were there for private functions, So DONT call it a bar Its a function: space 
Good hotel, alround 
Nothing adverse in the location or the facilities, The hotel facilities were superb 
Nothing our stay was perfect. 
Not sure about the bathroom configuration 
It was all great 
Expensive, no breakfast included 
No complaints, 
Although bathroom was lovely, shower could have been cleaner seal around edges very dirty Breakfast too expensive. 
Bigger choice of pillows Reception generally very friendly, but check in not handled well. 
Room very small 
The room charge is quite expensive. 
The restaurant was not open, as it is brand new 
The breakfast was quite poor and we had issues on checkout where they wanted to charged us for additional breakfast. This is a combination of an issue with booking com, making a reservation for 9 people when apparently only 4 5 people were entitled to breakfast, but also the hotels fault for not informing prior to us having breakfast and taking money from my account with no prior authorization. I have also been charged twice for one of the breakfasts, but still no refund has been given. The staff at reception were not very helpful and refused to try and speed up the process. Given we were late for our flight, A really poor way to end a special family trip for my sisters, birthday 
Didn'T think it would be that far from central london, but oh well, 
The wifi was pretty bad, the room was cold, but everything else excellent. 
Acessibilty BY ROAD 
Prices on the menu at the restaurant and bar also not much of a choice. 
Nothing 
Parking charges 
The cold beans at breakfast 
Everything priced on the high end, 
Not a thing 
Room was not made up by 16 30. The afternoon 
Location Overall hotel style, 
Nothing 
Bed was very tired, poor nights, sleep, priority 1 was missed. 
Rooms are designed a bit odd Toilet is on the other side of the room, as the bathroom also only one plug point for phone charger on the far side of the room away from the bed. 
Breakfast a little pricey, but it was excellent. 
Nothing 
Lifts extremely slow and try to charge 20 euro to sit on a sun lounger by the pool. 
A hotel shuttle from the airport would have been great, as I was travelling with a 1 year old plus it was the day of national strike on taxi in Barcelona, n got totally ripped of by an opportunist taxi driver for 90 for something that I should have Paid 25 for 
The check in process was much too long At 4 PM there was a line that took well over 20 minutes to check in 
Gym was closed due to being refurbed. That'S the only downside to my stay at the HILTON 
Can'T think of anything we didn't like 
Babycot was not provided while it was ordered during bookinsg Hotel desk said they cannot, as max people allowed are 3, while the 1yr baby slept with the mother in the same bed. 
In the biggest heat wave, air condition would be appreciated. However, there was a big fan in the room, so we could cool the air down. 
Breakfast could be included in the price and the street gets a bit noisy very early in the morning from the delivery trucks at the nearby market. 
Unfortunately, some of the other guests spoiled the dining experience for us as because, as it was a buffet meal, a lot of people seemed intent on eating as much as they could in a short space of time. Even though the staff kept refilling the trays of food On one occasion, it took only 22 seconds for two large trays of cakes to be devoured. I would add that this is not the hotel or staffs fault. 
The cup in the room hasn't been cleaned. 
The staff at check out weren't clear on tax, especially when booking a driver to take me to the airport They forgot to mention it would be an additional 20 euro of tax for the service. 
There is no ironing facility in the rooms, and this was the only unpleasant issue. 
Single room, a little small 
Had problems paying the bill, I asked to use another credit card, but he made the mistake of debuting the wrong card. He said he reversed. The payment then took another payment, but the original has not reversed. They also have not reversed the original authority on the card. Not happy 
No complaints from us 
Room was right next to the 24hour in hotel guest laundry, Very, very noisy due to people talking and laughing waiting for their clothes to be done. Ask for a room far far away. 
Size of the room, cleanliness of the bathroom, some black mound on side of bath, 
I could hear everything outside of my room: 
More English Channel on TV, especially movie channel, like HBO, Cinemax, etc, would be great since most of the channel was on Italian and couldn't be changed and has no subtitles. 
The coffee may not have been the best, and I only mention this because it is Italy and I'd expect more, But it was alright and served its purpose. The sky terrace bar was not open, but the bar in the lobby was nice. 
Snakcs, where a Little bit too expensive, 
We booked the standard room and it was a bit small 
Could have been a soap dish, we were left one large towel short after the first day, Poor bar service one evening, 
The hitel area, it not that bad and A toilet door in the hotel bar the door, can't locked whic it been damaged and not repair. 
Air conditioner didn't work at first, but when reported to front desk it became functional, Noisy, however Other than that all was OK. 
Bathrooms suck no air flow, Not a prime time hotel. 
One bar staff member: let the hotel down the other staff, were excellent. 
We didn't eat at the hotel, Not much menu, information and dining area. Looked a little gloomy. 
The Bar was so so 
We got a nosy room, probably the AC units were above us get moved in the middle of the night very quickly indeed, but no electricity in the new room, something was broken and they did't notice repair. It 
Needs more lounges seating areas by the pool; 
Staff was not paying attention to the clients and some of then were even rude. When I checked out on a Saturday morning, there was only one person from staff in the welcoming area, so the wait was too long. 
Everything was perfect, 
Breakfast was not up to the mark, May be because it was extra busy Staff was struggling to keep everything running in a timely manner. Best tip is to go to breakfast early 
Parking was quite expensive at 30 per day, Swimming pool was outside of the hotel as part of a fitness club, and we could only use it at a certain time when there was no class taking place. 
Room service made a mistake with our order. 
No drawers 
Not a lot 
Construction work on site, 
Bar prices were slightly high; 
Staff were unfriendly, They were not as nice as the last time. I stayed 
When arrive and want to have early dinner, both restaurants was occupied. No seats for 3pax think can be done As saw a space in the outlets, but seems not in the mood staff. 
Nothing 
None 
First thing's first, The Ned is a really good hotel. I just have a few quibbles and I share them more in the way of hoping they will be constructive than as barbed criticism. The light issue. Many reviews have mentioned this and it is a problem. The lighting levels are way too dark, Whilst I'm fine with atmospheric lighting in the public areas in the bedrooms. It is verging on absurd, Even with all the many convoluted lamp systems switched on, you still need a torch. Yes, a torch to find anything at night. That'S just silly: They should sort this out. The wardrobes, the wardrobes provided in The Cozy Room are completely inadequate for anything more than a one night stay. There is only a half size provision for hanging items which might be fine if you're a bloke and only want to hang jackets but you're out of luck. If you're not - and you have dresses, They just don't fit, The wardrobe also squeezes in the room's only set of small drawers, Totally inadequate storage even for 1 guest travelling light. I can't imagine what it must be like for a couple sharing the room for several nights. The restaurant hotel club balance one of the big drawbacks about staying in such a popular establishment, is that you've got little chance of being able to dine in one of the 6 or so restaurants for any meal, including breakfast. Unless you book well in advance, I tried to have breakfast in the hotel. Every day of my 5 day stay and was told every day the restaurants were full. The only place I ever managed to eat at was the deli A toasted. Bagel isn't really the kind of breakfast you expect for a 5 hotel. It does very much feel the the F B and the private club are the main focus and the hotel and its customer are a bit of an afterthought. Hopefully, these small issues get resolved in time, as this really is a good hotel. 
It has to decide if its a city destination or a hotel for it's occupants. If it wants to be both, it's service staff needs improvement As a fairly new hotel. This is understandable as a paying guest. No 
Nothing, it was really a perfect stay. 
No 
The rooms on the lower floors can be a bit noisy, but the hotel offers earplugs 
It didn't bother me, but the only criticism I would have is that the bedrooms are noisy as they are all above the super noisy lobby bar area. So if you want a peaceful early night, this isn't the place for you. Neither if you want a quieter romantic meal is this for you, I absolutely loved it though, and the value for money v its competitors. I would class this as placed like Me, London, etc. Is incredible. 
Nothing 
Grumpy staff at reception Incredibly loud in the lobby when music was playing Noise from lobby can be heard in room until late at night. 
Room was over furnished for its size. 
That I couldn't stay longer, 
Room was noisy early in the morning when the bins were being collected, No view from the room as the windows all had obscured glass. 
Be careful of the beds The corner edge in room 201? 
Soulless 
Nothing not to like 
Much too Noisy, you cannot be a night club and a hotel at the same time, 
Snacks were extremely expensive and they charged if you'd used the robes 
Nothing at all, 
Its pricey, but I think you get what you pay for. 
The customer service was awful, The front desk and concierge were not friendly. On the day we left. We had a gentleman at the front desk who checked us out. I believe his name was Stan was the only member of the staff we had interaction with who was outstanding in his customer service. 
Everything was perfect, 
Superior room without daylight window No 5 hotel 
There could be a curtain between the shower and main door like there is between the shower and the bed. When I was in the shower, I was visible to people walking past when my husband opened the door. The intimacy of having a toilet in the room is something that takes getting used to perhaps sound surrounding toilet for added privacy. I missed having tea and coffee but understand why not available and was easy to have coffee downstairs in restaurant 
It'S too modern for me, i do not like toilet and shower to be with me in one room: 
The rooms are so small, you can't open window, the feeling is claustrophobic everything else, especially the staff is great. 
You can see in the room that it was really used already, The small renovation is needed, Or just can start to wash walls. We have in room dirty spoon for all 4 days what we stayed: Nothing big, but not nice for 4 hotel, No mini bar. If you arrive after 11 PM on a work day, you can't buy water, not in the restaurant and as well, not in reception, 
Didn'T enjoy ironing at the end of a hall 
Room temperatures AC barely worked, 
Long walk to beach, 
There were several things that we were unhappy with throughout the course of our stay 1. The staff gave us 2 single beds to sleep in. We requested one double bed when we asked to move they allowed it to happen one day later, but without even an apology for the inconvenience 2. The housekeeping staff walked into the room when we were in it a total of 4 times throughout our short stay. They did not knock but simply used their access key to come into the room at various points. Throughout the day, 3 Staff weren't outright rude, but made no attempt to ensure a pleasant stay very apathetic. 
We only had 3 nights 
Time taken to queue for lifts and very loud music in the lifts till very late 
The Internet was poor, 
Extremely noisy not clean How this hotel can be a 4 stars, hotel 
The only downside was the noisy air conditioning really 
Over priced and the pool is very small, 
Nothing 
The room was not clean, The cleaners are bad. 
The pillows one each ask for extra, but very poor quality pillows, And I thought the price of the valet parking was extortionate, Especially as they brought the wrong car back up. 
It would have been a perfect stay if the spa was open a bit later, however, we were offered half price on these facilities. As we arrived at around 8pm 
The fact that I couldn't sleep The spa was over priced 20 to enter just spa. It is advertised as k, west, hotel and spa. If you stay, you should be able to use the spa complimentary. The hotel staff are in need of real, robust training in customer handling and, first aid Very appalled at the outcome of this situation. 
The breakfast was overpriced for what it was and the staff seemed keen to take our plates. Even though we hadn't finished The eggs were not cooked properly. The bar staff seem very in experienced and I had to point out what vodka was 
The room is very smelly. I had sored eyes. My daughter was allergic in the morning. 
Bed was very uncomfortable. 
Better selection at the restaurant, especially for kids, 
It'S not expressed on booking com about the extra fee for spa facilities and the extra fee for room if damaged Alot, of double charges. 
Noisey and extremely hard, uncomfortable mattress, so barely got any sleep Extremely disappointed. With my stay for 149 
Air conditioning was bad 
Nothing 
Room I had was at the back of the hotel and, along way from the lift 
Don'T trust the personal They lie. 
More information on arrival about where you can take your meals with your pet 
Parking is just as expensive as the room dumb 
Everything was good, 
The room is not clean and it's very small for 3 persons Parking is too expensive. Bathroom is a collapse. 
Some of the staff could have been a little more helpful, although the girl who checked us in was very good 
The menu selection for room service could have a little improvement. 
Nothing for now to be honest, It was a lovely, pleasant experience. Thank you to all the staff and management you're all doing a great job. Keep it up. 
No sleep kit in the room this time as have had it before, but not sure if this is still provided in the room. 
Order breakfast in bed which had been reheated and was not good and unable to eat. Most of it Also was not informed that the only smoking rooms were in the standard rooms only and we had booked a king room, which was no smoking, so we had to pay 75 pounds for a room with a balcony Was not happy that this was not Specified on booking com, it was my partners birthday present, so did not want a standard room. 
Shame the pool Had a water babies class on all day when we wanted to have a nice relaxing swim and the jacuzzi was small and not hot 
The room was dusty, unfortunately, Especially around the bed area and the TV. I had allergic reaction to it. 
Location could have been a little nearer to the centre of London. 
There were no plates, We were seated in someone else's table that had been cleared. There was hardly any breakfast left. The coffee machine was very unreliable. 
The English breakfast 
It was perfect, 
Nothing 
Breakfast cold payed for superior king, but was disappointed. It wasn't that big 
Mini bar was empty 
Food could have been a bit better 
D cor is tired and needing refurbishment 
N, A 
The corridor had a bad smell 
Not enough people at reception, mostly because you have to put a deposit for towel at the reception Too far away from the metro, No coffee tea in the room, No slippers in the room. If you don't have your own, it will be difficult to go to the spa swimming pool, No real restaurant. For the moment. 
Wifi is slow and always disconneted and food is too expensive. 
Need to work on the lifts elevators, they weren't working correctly, the entire week I even stepped out of an elevator twice because of alarm bells and malfunctions'm 
Room keys did not work, we were given the wrong room. Number Two of the lights did not work. The hairdryer did not work, Unhelpful and unpleasant staff. No apology given for inconvenience caused Will not book this hotel again. 
Room was very dark, had a job to see no main lighting bed lamp didn't work but managed with the other one till that one blew Carpet by bathroom was wet and stained think there must have been a leak, but all mentioned to staff to look into 
The check in is very slow and the lifts are a nightmare to use as they don't make it clear to people that they need to use their room key. You often see the same people just going up and down in very full lifts, not able to figure out why the lift hasn't stopped on their floor. 
The bed was quite old stained. It was reasonably comfortable, though A little TLC in the rooms would be beneficial glue up the peeling, wallpaper, etc. 
Queues at reception, 
Everything was ok, 
Limited seating in the foyer always full. Although Booking com said breakfast was included on this hotel, it was not 
Tiny rooms - 
Far from center 20 minutes to take metro by walking good for one or tow days maximum and amount in booking totally 235 80 and paid 243 98 Euro 
I traveled with my partner and where, given 2 single beds, 
No closed wardrobe Had to ask the reception for the desklamp. I thought it was broken because I couldn't switch it on, but you had to switch on the bedside lamp. First, no ceiling light dark room. 
Not the hotel's fault for construction across the street, but it definitely killed what view there was Wouldn't have gotten an upgraded suite had I known, May have gone to a different hotel Also when they say cathedral view. It'S a stretch as seen in the pic below 
Extremely small room, comfort of the room is last thing: design is the first Having open wadrobe with 4 hangers for 4 nights is rediculous, Shower glass door is facing the bed. Wich might be ok for some couples, but the distance from the shower door to the bed. Your sleeping partner, not more then 80 cm awkward uncomfortable wet floor when getting up wet phone on the table by the bed Asked for cotton pads. One night house keeping forgot to refill received tissues, not cotton, pads And no cotton pads for four nights. No hair conditioner provided in the room, so if you might need it bring your own 
Shower near the bed, 
The building itself looks not so nice Quite loud at nights, central square with: u bahn, entrance 
Nothing at all Extremely perfect visit and will defiantly be coming back. 
Additional luggage rack would be nice and a better hairdryer, not one with the on off switch. That must be pressed during use. 
Nothing not to like 
Nothing to dislike about this hotel 
Nothing 
I'Ve booked a small room after that. I make an upgrade because my wife have decided to come with me, but my room is too small and I believe they didn't the upgrade, but only take my extra money. 
Bathroom was not very clean, dusty wardrobe, Not soundproof. 
Wifi could be better. There were many disruptions, 
Smell in the room, No fridge, No second pillow 
Lobby has some funky cleaning product in the air 
The beds wear hard. There was no complimentary water in the rooms. There was a mini bar in the room with bottles of water at 2, pounds a bottle of 500mil or a liter for 5 50 pounds a bottle with the price you pay for a room. You think they could afford to put free water in the room. It looks as they are out to make as much money from you as they can. 
Night reception staff were not professionals and gave no welcome, and, after 2 phone calls and 2 hours wait. We gave up on room service 
Despite being very expensive, things like breakfast wifi were additional 16 for a breakfast is extortionate. In addition, you had to request bathrobes, etc. 
I didn't like you taking an additional 25 per night just for fun. We said we weren't, anticipating using mini bar, etc. I said I wasn't happy about this, but was told it wasn't optional. I understood that it would be refunded, but that is not the point. If I want something I will pay for it, I don't feel it's appropriate for them to take my money just in case This will play a bit part in my decision to use you again. 
An expensive hotel at full price 
The view from my room, scaffolding, 
Thought room would be better for cost. 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Nothing of note 
There wasn't anything I didn't like 
Bar open a bit later, 
Drinks at the bar were extremely expensive. 
Internet costs, misleading 
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Will always come back again and again. 
Everything was great, 
There was not anything I didn't like about the Hotel 
Bathroom was small, The room wasn't big enough for my son's wheelchair. We were initially sent to a room with a king size bed despite booking a twin room. 
For a 20 breakfast I felt the sausages could have been better quality higher meat content. The table layout was a little cramped. 
Little expensive 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Ridiculous slips being posted under the door informing us. We were coming close to the limit on more than 1 occasion Spending that much money on a hotel room for 3 nights. I would not expect to have to be insulted that much 
The room was too small: 
Nothing to fault 
The room wallpaper is from a day gone by, but adds to the charm of the experience. I suppose 
The weather, Can you do something about that? Please 
Not getting what I was told on check in, I would get 
Bathroom basic Room, very warm even with fan on and windows, open Iron in room, very small Room; small 
The hotel was very busy and consequently the wait for lifts and check in out was longer than we expected. 
Hotel timings for Sunday breakfast were misleading. We arrived a few minutes before the latest advertised time only to find the buffet being cleared away. The staff were very helpful in sorting out the issue, but it made the whole experience less enjoyable and very rushed. Maybe the advertised timings should be reviewed. 
Asked them to arrange flowers and champagne in room. The answer was that they would add a note to our booking After check in went to the reception and asked what happen Even sent an email to ask what happen to the wished service. The answer was that they apologized and would arrange something Sunday. Instead, We, where out most of the day and came back to room at midnight, Still nothing was arranged. 
I wanted to buy extra items thorough the hotel, email system, Prosecco and chocolates - Maybe an extra night in the hotel. The staff who replied to the email were most unhelpful and just kept. Referring me back to the hotel. She was the hotel 
Poor facilities in room No mini bar, very basic toiletries, not even a shower cap. Air conditioning, didn't work and couldn't be controlled Service appalling in all areas very under staffed Staff did their best Full of tour parties. 
Bathroom mirror could not see in it all foggy, which I thought it needed cleaning, but it did not rub off. Also the bath had a few holes in it and tap was not that good, so bathroom really could do with a make over 
Nothing worth mentioning 
The room was so hot, I couldn't sleep. Also we paid when we got there, then the next day checking out they tried to charge us again saying we only authorised the card last night. We need to take the money now, even though the money had already been taken. 
Just seemed like a normal hotel with no real omph and no real pullback as to why we would stay again. Full of people who wanted to know everyone's business and parking is terrible. Bedrooms are compact, but comfortable again. First come first serve for the best views. The air con didn't really seem to work was very poor, so had to open windows for air Bar is next to venue rooms, so we had 2 weddings, so was fairly noisey, and then it kicked off outside excellent base for adventures and sightseeing can't fault that 
I didn't find anything that I didn't like 
Nothing in particular, 
It was all fine 
We have been going there for over 10 years. The rooms are looking a bit tired needs, a revamp. 
The personnel seemed very professional, but lacked warmth. 
The Aircon didn't need work and the room got very warm in the middle of the night. 
There were no tea coffee making facilities in the room very poor, 
Hot breakfast was a little cool 
The bar needs a facelift 
Nothing 
Nothing 
I am extremely unhappy about my stay at Ramada Apollo Amsterdam. My clothes were taken from my room by the housekeepers and put through the laundry service ON THE FIRST NIGHT. I was charged for this, even though I did not want my laundry to be taken and cleaned. Also, I asked for fresh toilet paper because housekeeping didn't bother to show up for the first two days and the housekeepers didn't deliver it. I also asked for fresh towels and extra milk twice Once it didn't come and the second time I was assured the receptionist will bring it up personally, but I was ignored. I had to come to reception to get the requested items To top things off. I was charged on my card despite it being taken off the system on my check. In Also, I lost my watch charger in my room 1216 and despite numerous attempts to get through to the hotel, I didn't get a reply from them. 
We paid in full on arrival, which was requested by reception, I paid cash and was not given a receipt which I did not think to ask for. After a long day of travelling, When checking out reception requested, we pay for our second night. I told them that I had paid in full on arrival. They repeatedly told me that the system said I had only paid for one night. I was asked to wait in reception while they reviewed the security footage to make sure I had paid. It was embarrassing to be held in the reception area with all my luggage, while 4 members of staff stood around a computer screen. Trying to see wether I had paid or not. Reception was also dirty on arrival with leaves and dirt on the floor, and the pillows were tiny and uncomfortable seems small after the payment issue, but they were small things. I noticed 
Bed bugs 
Room very tight, No area for placing luggage; 
The rooms bathroom cleanliness of room, the room I was given for the price I paid 
Everything was good, 
Nothing 
Environment in the room, 
A separate walk in shower would have been nice, but I'm being picky. 
Bain Marie eggs, hard and unappetising Selection of breakfast buffet foods, small 
Rooms were small iPad, didn't work. 
Very poor dinner with tasteless food 
That I asked for a room that was quiet if poss, but was put in a family room with just a communal door between me and a group of youths who decided to have a party of sorts, went to reception and made several complaints worst stay ever at A hotel 
Carpets: 
Small car park not east to get to off motorway 
Nothing 
A little closer to the underground would be good, but they can't realy help the location Tbh. It was only a 10 minutes, walk to the tube and lots of buses stopnear by 
It was impossible to open the windows for ventilation because the windows were from floor to ceiling. I would like to note that there is not enough slippers and a robe 
Fussy rules for breakfast option: Omelette choice did not allow my wife to have continental breakfast as well, Not an easy location to get to. If you're looking for close proximity to a station, forget it 
There is no alcohol and no pork being sold at the restaurant, but I guess this is for personal reasons, of the owners. Fridge in room wasn't cold at all. 
Bathroom could probably do with a refurbishment looking tired, Plus quite expensive, 
Breakfast is a bit overpriced. One lift needs maintenance attention, 
Snack selection, poor 
My son insisted watching cartoons in Spanish on the tv could not find any decent channels in English. 
There is no parking at the hotel If you are driving. You have to park at a public parking 5 minutes walk from the hotel at 25 a day. 
Staff service 
Customer service was terrible room being unkept shower room flooded, molded on the vent Hole on the shower door, broken thermostat, 
They put me in a disabled room bot, nice for a holiday 
Breakfast was a little basic 
Air conditioning noisy and not working 
The extremely rude bartender at the bar 
Nevertheless, location is far from perfect. Despite on the map, you see it as near Tangenziale. It does not have straight way to it, so you have to drive away 5 7 minutes before you get to any civilization. The hotel itself is surrounded by dull industrial zone. The parking is 8 euro per night, but being located that far, you expect the parking to be included in the price or free of charge. The rooms need renovation, We were a family of 7 people in 2 rooms and in both we experienced broken doors in douche, not working lamps, etc. We also had broken lamellae of the additional sofa bed fixed by myself. There is no kettle and tea coffee in the room and mini bar was extremely poor. Just two bottles of 0 5 water Breakfast is weak. There was just scrambled and boiled eggs, few types of sausage and very rare salad with no separate vegetables. The next day of our stay, the hotel was so crowded that one had to wait for even plates and cups for 15, 20 minutes the same about main dishes. That is really not what you expect from 4 hotel 
Parking staff need more training on how to deal with customers, Find them extremely hostile and rude. 
Ac didn't work and room was very hot and uncomfortable. 
We booked one room for three people, but afterwards we had to pay for two rooms: 
Nothing Every thing was so bad and Personal. How working in reception they was so rude. 
None 
Me and my friend each booked a room for his family. I have 2 infants and my friend has one infant and 3 small kids. When we arrived at the hotel, we found out that both of us got exactly the same room which had queen size bed and a bed sofa. He had to pay double my price only because they had put bed sheets on the bed sofa. That was really unacceptable and we feel that we have been deceived. 
Staff was unfriendly 
The hotel was kinda ugly. Although the staff were very nice, they were a little unhelpful E g. They didn't order me a taxi. They said they could provide a wheel away bed and couldn't I booked a room with 2 single beds, but when I arrived they only had a room with a double bed. There was also a very large cockroach in our room. 
Nothing Everything was great. 
Probably gave us the worst room in the house 103, which was facing the street, Not sure if it was because we were only staying for one night. Loud traffic could be heard from the room which resulted in general, annoyance and a lack of sleep Room also didn't have great hallway, sound proofing and given this is near the gym facilities you can hear people talking and walking in and out Room layout also wasn't great. The shower is a glass box facing the bed, While this might seem perfect from a voyeur perspective. This isn't practical if one person is trying to sleep and the other has lights on in the bathroom, Not sure if all the rooms are like this Highly suggest. If you get room 103 to change Very impersonal staff compared to other hotels, we stayed at on our trip. We stayed at many, ranging from boutique to 4 5 star 
Nothing 
Staff were not friendly and helpful as expected from such facility. 
It was tight to unload at the curb It would have been nice to check in before I had to move the car. The bedding duvet was worn out and had hard lumps in it Washed a few too many times. 
Poor room service tried to order in English, but they couldn't understand. 
Absolutely nothing 
It didn't bother me, but there is a few stairs from the front door to reception. 
A C is too loud: WiFi could be better. 
Nil, 
We were very happy with our breakfast, but my family commented that their hotel had a better selection of fruits and hot food For young people with larger appetites. This might be a consideration. 
Breakfest 
Location 
Nothing to complain about at all, 
Breakfast was average one room made a lot of noise closed and opened its door 50 times during midnight for 2 nights. Hardly sleep one elevator didnt work during our entire 3 days stay, the staff was average location, is 10 min, walk to the metro station and then 20 min to duomo 
The kinder loft bed is not safety, There is no protection of sleeping, And the room inside air is no fresh. 
The room water dropping from the roof, it damaged the thermostat, so the air conditioner stopped working Called front desk and said will have it fixed and we will be moved to a diff room but did not happened following morning. Entire carpet were soaked with water. 
The air conditioning in the room don't work Even after repeated requests. The hotel was not able to repair it. We were given table fans for our seven day. Stay 
The adress was a little bit misleading A bit longer walk in The middle of the night. Then we could fin Outlook from the adress 
Carpet in the room, 
The location of the hotel, quite far from the center of Milan airport and any metro station 
The Breakfast could offer more kind of bread, whole bread, rye turkey, breast and cheese cream, cheese cheddar For those who do not eat pork. It is not cool to see 4 types of pork salami, Also, all cakes, taste, the same No honey and only one jam 
No electric kettles in the room, hence no complimentary, hot beverages, Unfortunately came across a number of unfriendly receptionists, Inconsistent professionalism and politeness Gestures made can often found be very rude, almost felt like we were a burden to them. This quality of service left a very bad impression and severely impacted our willingness to come back to this hotel, therefore, would not recommend friends and family to consider their stay here, Considering it being a 4 star hotel and in comparison to other 4 star hotels, services and Facilities are not up to the standards. Therefore, another downside to this is the poor value of money. Hotel lacked variety in dishes, served for breakfast Limited vegetatrian, vegan options; 
The room AC was blowing air but simply didn't make a difference. 
A bit noisy from the traffic outside and the aircon inside 
It'S not clean this time. I found contact lenses on my sink disgusting, to say the least. The staff can be rude, anothe rcounter would open and they wouldn't call you seeing that you are queuing for service Can be racist too, although I'm an NH member who spends 3200 every time. I come to Amsterdam alone Funny how you are allowed to be that in a city that stands against discrimination, NH are known for their rude staff. I say that as a member, my father was a member too, would say the same. The hotel is very old and in desperate need of renovation, some cupboards are glued back together. It'S falling apart Room service is terrible, don't think that you'll get hungry at midnight and be served right away. They have no problem, answering the phone and telling you to wait In some rooms. The phone is not working at all Broken. The price is rediculous for what you get services at neighboring hotels are much better. I just happen to travel with people that love making. Last minute plans, so it's always my last resort: try the DutchStay Hemp friendly apartment, the albus hotel city centre, the hampshire hotel Eden or the ultimate luxury Waldorf Astoria 
We had booked an executive room and, although it had a great bathroom, the room itself was quite small at the back of the hotel and looked nothing like the pictures of executive rooms on the website Even worse. At 7pm each morning there was building work carried out directly below are room. We were not warned about this. I was a little disappointed. 
Disappointing stay tiny room with windows, giving straight to the neighboring roof, which I could literarily reach out with my hand, tiny bathroom with lack of hygienic disposables. Only one power plug in the room which, in additional was out of service, half full, already opened bottle of wine. In the minibar wi fi connection almost dead, not to add very poor service during the breakfast, Not worth a half of it's price. 
Beds were too soft breakfast rather disappointing for the price 
Air condition was not cooling, 
I booked a suites room and a double room. We asked to be connected because we have 3 children, of which one disabled. Of course, we did not have rooms connected or the possibility to changing them At the reception they blamed the booking, although I asked them in writing, Because I could not leave children alone. I slept with the children in the suite and the husband alone. The couch is terrible, It's impossible to sleep on it. You cannot ask for a lot of money on a suite and offer a very incomfortable sleeping couch. By far the biggest Disappointment was the Breakfast which, even though it was free, was not good for hotel claims and the parking There was no parking for the wheelchair and in the garage. The car did not fit because the maximum was 2'm At a hotel with such claims and prices. I expect something else: 
We didn't understand the term privileged room. We booked more expensive room because of the extra large double bed. All the other options looked like there are two or more beds, apart from each other, in the room, not clear on your website. So for us as a couple. This was the only option The bed was comfortable, yes, but also split in the middle, so it didn't feel like something special. We were told by check in that we had a privileged room, and that meant wifi for free and free access to the mini bar Wifi was super slow and in the mini bar there were 2 waters, 1 coca cola and 1 orange juice. That was a bit funny. I think the bar should have other options, and maybe we should be told that we have non alcoholic drinks for free and the rest. We pay. That would be ok, But to put there what was in there and not give another option while calling the room privileged was to laugh about. So we called the reception and asked for two beers which we would pay. We didn't have to pay, but the beer arrived totally warm, so we had to wait anyway till the next day, so that it would cool in the fridge 
Everything 
The rooms were tiny and compact, but there was lots of space in the corridors which was wasted. The walls were really thin, so you could here the people next door and the door alarms kept going off to the room, which was very irritating 
Would of been nice to of had a TV in the room Had to boil the kettle on the floor? Toilet was extremely loud. Also, you could hear people in the next room and their toilet. The toilet, nd shower was very small For 169 00 for one night was a rip off. The room was supposed to of been a delux one, just because it had a view of the river. There was people in the river on water shoots, so that was right outside the room, Not impressed at all very disappointed won't be staying there again. The ibis was more luxurious, then the good hotel 
Nightmare visit, The noise of the regular aeroplanes taking off in the morning from about 5am is unbearable. I thought the first one was about to crash. It was so shockingly loud A dodgy adapter was plugged in when we first arrived, and so I blew all the fuses for our room and next door within minutes of arriving. So after sitting in the dark for ages, we were moved to another room when they decided it couldn't be. Fixed Staff were unprofessional and promised us they would serve us at the bar in 5. Minutes after the floor had dried, but after 5 mins of us waiting and them socialising loudly they closed up and went home for the night. When we told reception about our electricity problem, there were chefs drinking cocktails at the desk, who couldn't help us 
We had a suite No wardrobe at all. They had coat hangers hanging on the wall on nails. The bathroom was one corner of the rectangular room. It was like living in a box with zero design input. It was a corner room, but it only had a window on one side: Very poor value for 233, a night plus 15 for parking 
Very, very, very thin walls. I could hear the person next door on the toilet and full conversations, A private party so unable to use terrace bar, which one of the reasons for choosing this hotels rather than others in the area Also went to the bar at 11. 15Pm to be told it was closed and we'd have to wait for night staff, not sure why they couldn't cross over, so no disruption to guests. 
If i had to be really picky, the only thing that wasnt great was that the pillows were too big and puffy for my liking, but thats just personal preference. 
Staff need to be a more focused if doing table service in the bar area Asked if they did, it told they did took ages for someone to come over, and only did after asking a member of staff Had to go to the barr'o pay as no one Cleared my table after I had finished Staff friendly, though 
Hair dryer in the room Toilet to be more private. I e Not a glass door. 
Room was super small, but only stopped one night and had everything we needed am thinking. They have bigger rooms for longer stops. 
Lift was out of action, Not enough power points in room. 
A little bit expensive, the breakfast for just cereal and some fruit, 
Too much laundry in the corridors 
I liked everything 
Having a self service breakfast and paying a service charge, 
No complaints, 
Flashing light on smoke alarm right above bed; 
No tv in room, No room service; 
Lift maintenance 
Roof garden not open late for a chill health and safety issues. I guess 
Shower room could have been bigger, 
There'S hardly any daylight in the whole hotel. The only bits where you can see daylight are charged at a premium in the executive suite. I know it's a big hotel, but is it really that hard to uncorporate natural light 
There were quite a few children in the pool on the Sunday morning. 
We were a given a disabled room Rooms are not great, considering the amount we paid to stay there. I feel we paid more for the location, then the hotel, The lighting, was not great and the bathroom seemed like it needed a refurb. When you pay that much per night, you expect a lot more 
It would have been better if breakfast was included for the price paid 
Breakfast in the overspill room so requested to have breakfast in the restaurant, which was not a problem for the staff. 
Lots of roadworks around and hard to get into hotel, but not really their fault. Once you are there, its beautiful 
Poor lighting in the halls Dark elevators Poor housekeeping, in that they did not even come to clean the room till almost supper time, as we had arrived back after a day of sightseeing and were getting ready for dinner. 
Breakfast was crammed no check in for kids as advertised No bed sheets for pull out. Bed had to order which was completed quickly, Problems with lights, goi g off and when staying with kids. This can be scary, Was corrected, but again could have been avoided. 
The amount of water generated by the shower could be a little bit more, But this is personal and certainly not something to advise against this hotel. 
The staff at the reception were not very welcoming. I had booked two rooms, of which the second one was not ready for over an hour, and that was quite annoying. They seemed inexperienced and were not able to communicate well, The hotel was definitely not value for money. The breakfast included with the charges had long queues and there was too much waiting before one could eat anything. 
Wish room will be bigger? 
Photo of walls Scary photos of woman, They must change the photos. 
Lighting is a bit complex. Draining of the bathtub is very SLOW. 
Nothing 
Breakfast could have been better 
Pool a bit smallgood 
Nothing 
No Washroom for the living room Guest have to use the washroom in the bedroom. 
Cost as it was expensive, 
Coffee shop closed too early 
Reception desk not visible on entering Not obvious that it is on the first floor. 
Nothing 
My pillow was a little too hard. 
Bedside lighting not strong enough for reading, but that's probably my age Most people would not be bothered with the lighting in such a lovely bed. 
The food, the service in the restaurant, very ooor, 
Window was tricky to access to open 
Not applicable 
Cofee finished during breakfast plates were out during breakfast 
No refrigerator in the room, 
It really is a student accommodation, 
Lack of air conditioning, however, the room is equipped with a really nice chrome table fan. Also an insect net for the window would have made the night more comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small, Not a deal breaker, and I will probably book it again. 
The huge minuses for me were no WiFi in my room fifth floor. Restarting the router didn't help at all, so that was pretty disappointing. As i need Internet for my work, i will have to select another hotel next time in Wien. Another point is that there was somebody smoking inside their rooms and the cigarette smell was all over the corridor and staircases, although it is stated as a non smoking hotel. This is not a fault of stuff, though 
Too small tables for two at breakfest room, 
Concierge were appalling, So unhelpful and rude, Not what I expected. They obviously don't care about. Customer service. More training definitely required. 
The room was incredibly small: It was the smallest double room. I'Ve ever stayed in with the smallest en suite. There was barely 4 inches between the bed and the wardrobe to get around the bed. The bed was practically up against the en suite door, which had a sliding door, as there wasn't room for a for to open 
The smallest room I have ever slept in during trips over the years as well as an average breakfast at a relatively high price. 
There was nothing we didn't like 
During our stay, the system seemed to have been down. We constantly had issues with our room cards. We had to keep going all the way down to reception to get them fixed. This was very inconvenient. The king room was very, very small and not what we had expected. 
Honestly, couldn't complain about anything 
Swimming pool extra cost and breakfast we found expensive and chose to eat out. 
When I checked in I just wanted to get to london, film and comic con event and the reception staff give me too much information. I just wanted to get to event. 
Tv in room was bizarre arrangement, as it was not visible from bed due to the angle and the remote did not work from the bed other than that all great 
I booked a twin room and had to wait to be moved from a double to a twin room for about an hour. Then the beds were not even made, and the quilts and sheets were all over the place. 
Now that its a Holiday Inn its not as good as it used to be nothing in particular, but after 4 annual trips holding a recruitment event and taking 7 bedrooms, I will be looking elsewhere for next year. 
Attitude of bar staff left something to be desired. 
Room is small, 
Rooms very small Charge to use the pool not acceptable 2 rooms booked, but individually processed 
Quite noisy at night We could hear a machine running Air conditioning 
I didn't like the magnetic key. I had a lot of problems. 
The standard king room, I have to say for nearly 200 pounds a night was tiny 
The room for twin sharing is too small: 
No receipt for business claims 
Red bull 5, 50 
The pricing was a bit expensive for the outcome. 
The room on the small size 
Noise in the room, I could hear the people on the upper floor walking around and the ones next to us talking laughing 
Getting there when High Street Kensington Tube station was closed, 
Breakfast to expensive 
Room was small, Big bed, but barely any room around it. 
The rooms are tiny with the bathroom at the end of the bed For the price. It is very cramped. 
Bar prices were a little expensive compared to surrounding restaurants. 
Initial receptionist very functional, told us off for looking near her computer Hotel undergoing renovation. No prior knowledge of this other than told entrance moved had to walk through redecorating area to access room. No fitness available on site, 
The change of hotel story, it repeated with every gusts, so I have reviewed some of gust comments before and I faced the same, If you booked a room for three adult which is queen bed and sofa beds, you will stay in the basement, which I will not Recommend So the only room fit 3 adult is in the basement. Otherwise they move you up in room with extra bed for non adult The room pic dose not match the reality. 
Some of the room furniture looked slightly worn out. 
Long queue waiting for breakfast 
The bathroom was quite small, 
The room we were upgraded to featured a double bed made of two singles which kept moving apart. 
Nothing 
A little bit off, But not a problem, 
Ventilation is good on the top 7th floor, as our room 702 had windows facing in 2 different directions. However, room 402 e g facing just one side was kind of stuffy 
A little cramped but to be expected 
The bath tub had stains and the tiles are old. 
Nothing 
Could use a ramp to get our suitcases up to the lobby? It'D be hard for older people and those with little kids with strollers to manage 
Nothing, it was great 
Two people on desk when we arrived, We were totally ignored by one person When other person became available and served us. She was lovely 
Nothing, it was all great One small complaint, the bathroom sliding door in our room 61 seemed to be broken so quite difficult to close, but I think it would be a simple fix. 
Charge taken immediately on my Credit Card when I booked a free cancellation, Promised a room with a view, did not get it Bit out of order as a non refundable booking would have been cheaper. 
I found the bed to be a little too firm. The coffee was too strong. 
Exec room was small and pokey. No blind at the bathroom window, which was overlooked by public house Housekeeping was variable, sometimes OK other times not 
Booked executive, double room, but room was very small for my 6 5 frame and could not fit in the Fifth floor bathrooms. But luckily the staff was nice and relocated us to more spacious, room. 
Well, I asked for a shuttle service from the airport to the hotel. I confirmed twice with the hotel desk personnel weeks. Prior to my arrival. I even had email proofs On the day I arrived at the airport. I was appalled to find out. There will be no shuttle service because they weren't sure which terminal to pick me up. I came to Paris with my twins. I was hoping there'd be a cab waiting for us. Instead, we all had to take the train to the hotel. Then I asked if they have an iron facility, They said they don't. So I asked if I could get an iron, so I could press my clothes. They promised to get me one day after day until nothing happened, and I had to knock on everyone else's door to ask for one. There was also a time where none of our electric devices worked turned out. Our power circuit got turned off, not sure how that happened. It was a nightmare. 
Breakfast was not to my liking Bacon needed to be crisper, strange taste with sausage Possible that preparation in Europe is not the same as US, Not something I didnt like, but I thought the elevator was smallest. I had ever been in 
Hotel AC was not effective. 
The room service staff who answered the phone was terrible mood. 
My neighbours noise - They probably had a kid screaming every morning, which isn't the hotel fault by the way. 
Nothing 
One day I came back to the hotel, the front door is locked and no one in the reception desk Had to wait outside for about 15mins to get in Luckly. It wasn't a rainy day. 
Very expensive 
In need of refurbishment 
Parking for motorcycles cost the same as a car, Not good. 
Service Room 
The room's carpet needs to be replaced. It looks dirty 
My room was so small that the head and foot and side of the bed were up against the wall and at 5 feet 7 inches. My feet hit the wall on the other end of the bed. The bathroom was so small and cramped that you had to tight squeeze yourself between the wall and sink to get to the toilet, and when you were on the toilet, the sink was in your chest. You couldn't stand in front of the toilet at all and it was very uncomfortable and inconvenient For the high rate. It was poor value. The breakfast was good, but the wait staff frequently messes up orders or ignored people or forgot what they were going to get people 
No iron 
The beds were uncomfortable, It's about time for new beds, 
Coffee and restrictions on evening restaurant menu 
Had to stay in building opposite and there was no hot water. They did, however, move us back to the main building the next day and the room was bigger and better 
The rate is not inclusive of breakfast At check in they do mentioned that. If you order for breakfast, the cost is 13 pounds. If you walk into the restaurant, you pay 24 pounds felt cheated. 
No robes in deluxe double room a bit shabby scratches on floor from sofa bed marks on the sofa. Looked like chocolate, no curtains up on rails, just lining ones. The porter knocked on our room twice with bags that were not ours and we had room service knock at 7, 15 am with breakfast. We did not order. Even tho, we had the DND sign lit up. We had a problem in the bar with ordering, but this was resolved by the manager oh and we did order room service. When we got back from our night out, i went to leave a tip on the charge only to be sniped at and told NO, NO, not on there. The hotel just gets it. There were some cleaning issues, but as we had to wait for our room, i take it, they were pushed so we put up with a few hairs in the bath. We used the shower and called for tea bags, as we only had green tea. I feel some of your staff, let you down with there attitude in an otherwise beautiful hotel, 
More tea bags, and especially some milk for tea 
The choices in the breakfast buffet were a bit too limited. 
We booked a family room for 3 people And it's a little bit crowded. 
The chemical, cheap perfume at the entrance made it very very hard to stay in this hotel. For this reason, we won't go again in this hotel. 
The room was a little small, but for one night didn't matter, 
None 
Was happy with everything except having to unlock the fridge every time you wanted something One way to stop drinking too much. I suppose 
I was charged 50 Euro more at checkout than was stated on my booking. When I questioned it, the receptionist looked flustered and said she didn't know why and made me look like an idiot I paid anyway, because my taxi was waiting. I am following this up with Booking com. I asked for a room with a view and got one facing a wall, but they changed it to a street view after I asked Housekeeping didn't bother to clean any dirty glasses or my sheets. The bathroom sink leaked onto the floor, Be careful how you get out of bed because you may hit your head on the wall. It'S that cramped at either side of the bed Ask for a street view. It'S more vibrant and the Windows cut out all noise 
View from the room 
Small rooms and bathroom 
Can'T think of a thing: 
Laundry on site would be helpful. 
We were left around waiting for a long time at check in and out. We found reception to be without staff, and you couldn't get through to reception while trying for 30 minutes. So we gave up. We had no hot water from 9am, we last checked at 11am and still none to be told by reception that was normal. We took drinks back to our room on Friday night and they were still left in the room on departure. On Monday, The mini bar was never refilled from Friday night over the whole weekend. 
For the cost, the hotel was in a poor state Needs a refresh 
The air conditioner in the room we rented is not cool very much. 
None 
Restaurant for dinner, very expensive And poor, Two shared steak extricate wanted medium well got raw. I and my wife had a burger, a half which was actually steak, tartare between wet bloody bread, Worst meal anywhere in years. 
It was desperately in need of refurbishment 
Eggs were too runny like soup. 
Building works outside hotel, Very noisy right into the early hours of the morning, Difficult to sleep. The view from the room was scaffolding, 
The standard doubles are quite small and you need to travel light as there is a wardrobe, but no drawer space. 
Nothing 
Too small elevator 
Small and poorly equipped gym. I do not expect pro gym during my travels, but a bit more than this 
Rooms, small 
At times the lobby was very crowded, Restaurant Breakfast was nice, but also very busy. Navigating the hallways and lifts was a bit confusing, wouldn't want to be a little tipsy Location is a bit out of the way but useful for where we needed to be 
We were shown a new room that was a vast improvement and had clearly just been refurbished. The first problem with the room was that there was no fire escape, which was made worse by the fact that we discovered on returning to the room that there was no window either. 
You have to come early to the pool to find a space to relax and prices for drinks are very high. 
Breakfast at 35 is rather pricey. Room was not the largest, but this is normal for Paris Who likes a shower curtain that sticks to you, whilst in the shower A bit cheap and nasty for this standard of hotel. 
Gym literally three pieces equipment and terrible, No free water, 2 50 in mini bad Curtains, not blackout and wakes. U up early 
It would have been good to have coffee tea, making facilities in the room. Some of the decor was done a bit cheaply for such an expensive room. Eg the laminate floor Also, it would have been nice if the bath was fully functioning. 
Only thing to mention is that when I arrived in the room the aircon was on and the room was a bit cold. 
The bed was so uncomfortable and so were the pillows I loved the hotel, but would not stay again because of the bed. 
A little tough to find initially because it is tucked into a courtyard and has small signage, but not a huge problem. The nearby metro stop was closed, so we had to walk farther with bags than we would have liked. Next time. I would just pay for the airport transfer that they offered 
Lift was quite small, 
A rather ugly modern, concrete building, not typically Parisian 
Location, crowded area, expensive breakfast 
Problems with local transport to hotel 
Small elevator 
Not a big breakfast selection at all only had croissants and scrambled egg 
No complaints whatsoever, 
We had requested a double room, but when we got toit it had 2 single beds. The reception staff were very apologetic and resolved the issue within minutes. 
Room could be bigger, 
Bed was really comfy, but my mattress appeared to slope downwards right to left, not enough to make me uncomfortable but noticeable 
Understand that space at a premium but bathroom very small for family of 4 
Bed too big for room, expensive breakfast, no water placed in rooms, especially during summer weather jacuzzi in bathroom, is nothing special to pay extra for 
When i upgraded the receptionist mentioned that the hotel roof top bar was noisy, but it wasn't the problem. The problem was all the discarded cigarette ends thrown onto the balcony by the patrons of the bar 
Small elevator 
Nothing 
Maybe we could have an electric kettle in the room: 
It is NOT 4 star hotel at all. A very small hotel in a street lobby is small, a tiny lift can fit only 3 persons or with one bag. Only one person Corridor is narrow, hardly it can be given 2 stars Very poor value of money. Breakfast is so so, and budget oriented 
The lift was very tiny and slow 
The room was extremely small and the view out of the window, which was facing the front of the hotel, was just a wall. So no view really The receptionist told us. We had a front view like we were getting a treat. The room facilities were also very limited: tea and coffee. With a TV Pretty much all I can say about it: 
Room far too hot 
Rest of hotel was very tired and shabby Drink marks on work surfaces dirty sheets blocked drain in bathroom Dirty marks on walls, flaking paint No way near standard of Hilton Hotels. I have stayed in previously 
Not enough power points in the room and a swimming pool would of been nice. 
The location is too far out of Paris major point of interest, Although the hotel is close to the Subway Metro, the surrounding area is not the safest 
The lighting in the room was poor needs. Some down lights put in had to open the curtain during the day to see 
We were promised a king bed but did not get the room. We were promised. 
A bit noisy in the streets, there is a few restaurants and clubs near by and they keep it going in to the early hours of the morning in the weekends Recommend, ear plugs 
The breakfast not a lot of choice: im a vegetarian lots of sausages, bacon and cold meats. Although this suited the rest of my party 
Size of room 
Loved it all 
Room sevice 
Room sevice 
Air con was on and off a bit, but that was Ok because of the weather No fan in the bathroom 
The only thing I didn't like was the very expensive price for breakfast, so I ate across the street. Also, the hallways need to be updated to match the beauty of the lobby, Very old furniture in lift areas on each floor. 
Nothing 
The room was wide but location of bath room, bad prices for room service, higjt, couldnt, open the window night from flies and mosquito 
Breakfast started later than 7 00 
The hotel bar was closed because the bar staff were absent, but on the whole, no problems. 
Underground parking is a bit too pricey, but i think that's normal. In London We were about 10 15min late to check out from the room, so we had like three different women knock on the door and hurry us up. That was a bit annoying. 
Not really any negatives, not the nicest part of London 
One of the worst experiences I ever had it's an apartment at few minutes walk from the main hotel. The receptionist gave us the wrong key and we had to call several time and finally walk back ourselves twice before they found out the error. They didn't even apologise for that. They ended up totally ruining our evening. There weren't enough towels in the room and they didn't offer to bring any. We had to walk back to the reception the following day to get them the wifi wasn't working. Fortunately, now europe is free roaming. The last day we had to leave early, so we asked the receptionist. If we could leave the keys inside, she told us yes, so we did. Few days later, I was charged for late check out. I called them and explained the situation. They promised a reimbourse which of course, never came 
I, like any think 
It would be nice if we can opt for late checkout around 5pm. Also, if you can provide electric kettle for each room, it would be nice 
The room was a bit tired could do with refurbishing 
The room that I have booked was a little bit noisy due to air condition, equipment installed outside the building. It was like if I was sleeping on an aeroplane 
All good 
I think for the price I paid breakfast should have been included. Even it, it was a continental option. 
Nothing 
Food was poor, 
Wi Fi 
The public areas were generally good, but I noticed some wear and tear, for example, a worn carpet in the corridor that led to my room 533. 
We booked a suite for my family 3 people, which seemed small compared to the duplex, my wife and I booked in July 2016. 
Cold milk or cream for courtesy, coffee in lounge, 
Breakfast was very poor: a French hotel and the croissant were packet, not even fresh bottled water in the room. Only for the first day after that, you have to pay 10 euro per bottle. Lifts broke down with people in them Seriously, not worth it. Maybe a couple of years ago it was a good hotel service was very poor. 
The rooms are a LOT smaller than I expected. We even had one of the superior rooms with a window, which is a luxury in this hotel, Do not expect to be able to walk around the bed. The reception staff were not particularly helpful with leaving luggage. In fact, they ended up leaving our luggage in the lobby, even after asking them specifically to move it to the room, Really not happy, especially after I walked in to the reception and waited at least 10mins for a member of staff to appear Poor. 
Only issue was no air con in the rooms, probably not an issue most of the year, given the British weather 
Shower broke, but they compensated and fixed this immediately, No lift if on high up room. However, they help with your luggage. 
Scaffolding outside of window woken up at 7 45. Both mornings wasn't informed of work until upon arrival, no refund and no compensation. Poor customer service would not recommend 
The room was a little small 
The dis organised check in Long queue people passing in front of the queue employees chating in the back office, while the queue for check in was getting worse. 
The view could have been a little better 
We liked everything about this hotel. The rooms were a little on the dark side, More lighting, Otherwise perfect 
There is still some construction taking place beside the hotel, it wasn't noisy, but it meant the view was a little lacklustre Pool area got pretty busy. Also, despite only being open to hotel guests, It might have been nice to have a few more loungers available. 
This hotel could be excellent, but is let down by the finer details Stains on bedding not changed for 4 days, No more toiletries provided after we used them first day, No more refreshments. After first day TV didn't work properly, Grout chipped away from the shower flooring. Water doesn't drain in shower, so you stand in 3 inches of dirty water, All petty in the scheme of things. This is a really good hotel, but for the price should be better 
Price and working space in the room, The TV takes the majority of the space on the working station. 
Odd layout, confusing hallways EXTREMELY small elevator lift 
Food at the cafe 
We had some issues with the shower: the water was hot and no matter what we did. We couldn't get it cooler. 
Would be nice if they offered breakfast, but at least there are tea coffee facilities in the room and no breakfast is preferable to a bad breakfast. 
Quicker check in 
This district of Paris is dirty, but can't blame the hotel 
Nothing serious 
There were no dishes pots or pans dispite. The fact that there is, although very small, but there is a microwave sink stove and dishwasher 
Very old building staff not having a clue about how to serve customers carpet, cleanliness was apalling Doors. Furnitures bathroom were properly dirty. The reception desk staff was robotic and made us unconfortable at the check in They are not interested in give a good impression to customers, because the location is central and they can trap a lot of tourists. The quality of the breakfast was poor and the table wasn't even completed with pots and cutleries Members of staff in the breakfast room were rude and not helping Outside of the window of the breakfast room. There was a gas station with NO SMOKING sign and a builder contractor was smoking at no more than a meter away. Also, the smell of smoking was coming inside the breakfast room. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone at 115 per night for a triple room. The night before a good size rat was calmly scouting the area outside the window. 
Service in the restaurant needs huge improvement. 
Very small toilet in the room Breakfast hardly contains any vegstables 
See above 
The bin in the room was filthy and needed. A good clean, The thin bin liner was sticking to the sides. There was also a stain on the carpet and wall. What looked like tea that had been spilled, but not cleaned up, Nothing major and easily remedied. Wouldn'T stop me from coming back 
Pillows two were too high: one, not high enough Separate toilet without basin. 
Breakfast 
Noisy room Wifi off for 2 days, 
Air con wasn't working properly to cool the room. It was stuffy. Bed was hard and had a plastic mattress protector that makes you sweat. 
Small room access control system door, lock food was horrible, 
Nothing 
Can'T think of any 
We liked everything Would definitely come back. 
Car park charges 
The steps seem dangerous, 
Size of the room, 
Management not helpful with our problem breakfast far too expensive when all trays were empty. No bread to toast had to wait for hot drinks. 
Shower bath was difficult to access poor coffee, making facilities kettle still had water in from previous guests. Additional cost of spa wasn't really value for money about 20 25 minutes tram ride from central station, but good access to Amsterdam, stadium, No body in shower room. 
Wc room its cold and there is no heating system where you could put wet clothes. Also shower is good, but bath would be exellent. 
The staff was helpfu 
Indoor Lounge area didn't really have much personality, A bit stark. 
View 
Nothing Place was great. 
There isn't much to fault a minor point that the bar has a cocktail menu, but if you try to order one, you might be advised that we don't have all the stuff to make cocktails. Fortunately, a gin and tonic made a reasonable substitute. 
Compared to other hotels, I suspect you may find better value for money. However, you pay for the novelty of the hotel, which does not go unnoticed. 
Over priced for very small room, No space to put clothes Bathroom is even tinier. 
Small pool terrace not a lot of room around the pool, If you're not that bothered about having a pool in the hotel, go for a cheaper option. City Tax added onto room price not stated on booking com; 
Food in the restaurant 
Average breakfast among the hotel breakfasts I have had in Spain 
I loved everything 
Cleanliness will have to improve 
The shower and hairdryer 
Only thin cotton sheet on beds perfectly warm enough, though Nothing really Stairs were spiral and very steep. Take the lift 
Parking option not well solve 
Our room was inexpensive, so we were put in one of 3 rooms that were left untouched during the renovations It fit our minimal needs and our minimal budget 
The only thing I would suggest is white bedding, The Red and grey duvet cover was not very pleasing. White always gives you a sense of it being very clean. 
The iron was very old, 
Bar food was very good but very expensive. Breakfast ludicrous price, two bakeries cafes within walking distance, serve excellent patisserie, coffee, sandwiches, etc. For quarter of the price - and you can sit outside Would have liked a couple of extras like a pool table or table tennis table, to make it a little more family friendly. Some of the hostels at similar prices with those were full at the time we booked. Similarly, lounge bar area a bit impersonal, so we didn't tend to use it or be tempted to dine in apart from expense. But then there is so much to see. We were out for 10 12 hours of the day Pool in stunning spot, but so very small. It'S really a plunge pool and too busy to use in high summer, unless you wait for a long time for a turn Best to go out of town to the sea. 
Pool was tiny 
Wifi sometimes dropped off as our room is at the corner of the hotel block, but we enjoy the view from the window. 
You couldn't order much room service, they always put an obstacle in the way. When ordering most types of good weather, it was to the room or round the pool almost like they couldn't be botherd. 
The bathroom was begining to show signs of, wear and tear, But still perfectly functional, 
Although bathroom was large, the toilet was located so close to the wall. There was hardly room to sit down. 
Breakfast was not constantly replenished. You had to ask for more to be put out very limited choice of fruit. Hot food wasn't replenished quick enough and wasn't hot. There were no waiters for drinks. You had to go to the bar to order every time, even in the evenings, when sat in the lounge area. 
Tv was not working and water was too hot Had to brush teeth with scorching water. 
Wish there was a pool on the terrace, Although the small hydro pools, where fine 
The shower didn't get hot 
Breakfast service 
Everything was perfect. Congratulations! 
Nothing 
For a 4 boutique hotel, the staff was not very personal. Reception is a little secluded and no one really pays attention when you enter Also. It was a bit too far from the center for my taste and definitely missing a rooftop pool. 
The air con didn't seem to work that great and some nights could get quite stuffy But as a whole was impressed and happy with the hotel. 
The shower we had difficulty operating the shower and were unable to get any hot water. However, after informing reception, this was rectified by the second day. 
Horrible breakfast 
We struggled to regulate the room, temperature and needed to open a window so that it was neither too cold nor too hot in the room. Unfortunately, the back side of the hotel is right across from the tracks and the station for the local trains and our window overlooked that it was noisy and nothing for a view. The area itself is not the most attractive, nor is it near places of interest. It was disappointing that the small park adjacent to the hotel was permanently closed and under some sort of construction, that green space would have added to and improved the location. A little. Owing to all of this, I would consider the room a bit pricey 
The twin bed are next to each other, which makes living with a friend a little uncomfortable 
The breakfast was not very good, staff was very stressed and not much food available. I recommend booking without breakfast 
Shower bath was really narrow, made it a little difficult to shower, but minor issue. 
Would have been good to be told about buying tickets for trams or using public transportation? 
The room had poor air conditioning until the last two days where the air conditioning started working properly. There were mosquitoes in the bedroom, which wasn't a good thing. Also, the mini bar refrigerator had poor quality as the drinks were not cold. 
I stayed in a different building than the main one in which i had to cross the street and use my room card to enter the main hotel building to use the hotel facilities. 
The hotel is overpriced, 
Check in and corridors smelled, hash 
Would have liked to know you had the builders in when booking 
Ventilation is missing in the toilet for some reason. 
The hotel was under renovation, 
The renovations 
Single room, matrasse was really uncomfortable Room and facilities other than that great. That room need a new, firmer matrass 
Nothing bad to report. 
Having to get ready in my car, when the hotel room wasn't ready, wasn't fun, The cost of parking was high as well. 
The way the rest of the personnel behaves Wearing a tshirt with a smooth operator does not really fit their behaviour. The hotel should try and live up to their wannabe status and instruct their personnel 
Cost of parking car 
The continental breakfast 
Room cleaning took a long time. It was skipped all together on one of the days we were there. 
There is no mini bar in the room where you can put things that you buy. Only a machine of drinks, 
A bit far from the City centre bit, but the fact that there is a tram right in front of the hotel. It doesn't cause major issues, Lack of restaurants near the hotel, 
Location Also, they dont do room service on sundays, including food, which is very odd for big hotel chain. 
Nothing 
Bit closer in 
The selection was rather limited in the breakfast buffet for 19 euro 
The breakfast was not good, but there was a cheaper, better place just next door. The bed was surprisingly uncomfortable, No mattress cover, so you feel every bump. On the mattress I have the name of the mattress manufacturer permanently engraved on my butt. We had to kick the door to get it open. If you would like to know what the people in the next room thought about their vacation no problem, The walls are paper thin. The A C was sometimes cold, sometimes not always musty. The WIFI was a disaster. Spotty and slow I had to go downstairs to the office and plug in ethernet just to load a webpage. The staff was great. They tried everything to help. 
No hair conditioner 
The air condition is located only at the children room. Although the two rooms are connected, it was still hot in the second room. 
The bed sheet was not rubbersheet, so it easily moved. While you tried to sleep which was pretty annoying 
Room size was small and no complimentary water provided in room 
No air condition 
We had standard room Window into light, well Tiny room, Surly, reception staff on arrival. Each time we dealt with this guy, it was surliness incarnate. Others on reception were much more helpful Overall, not great value. 
N, a 
The whole experience we were made to feel welcome from the start and the service was impeccable, couldn't fault anything 
The hotel is not 4 stars just about 3 stars, The first night. Our room was not available, we arrived late and clearly the room had been given to someone else. The staff was very rude about the situation and not at all helpful The room we had that night was right by the entrance reception overlooking a main road, so was very noisy. We were moved the next morning to a better room which was clean basic, but had no comforts such as tea coffee facilities. The bathroom shower floor was not tiled at all, so had to shower. In flip flops, We asked to speak to a manager about our first night and was told the manager only showed up around 11am 12pm for an hour. We waited and the manager did not appear. Overall, this hotel is fine if you want something basic cheaper than central. Amsterdam, but still walkable into the city centre, The local area bars restaurants park, etc. Make it a much better choice: 
The hotel is old and although some modern features have being instaled like inteligent lights and AC, the walls are thin. So you can hear everything from around When checking in the clerk on duty did not tell about the city tax. We had to pay at the end of our stay and had an arrogant, superior attitude. 
Asked the reception twice to fix something in the room. The answer was positive, but the issue was not fixed during our stay. 
Nothing 
Nespresso machine would be nice and breakfast was a little bit expensive. 
The room was rather small, The breakfast was ok, but not special. 
Housekeeping staff, a little noisy in mornings, despite DONOT, disturb sign 
The room was rather small, A bit noisy 
Not a great place in terms of price value, Badly, ventilated rooms, 
Nothing 
The staff, both at the pool bar and behind reception, left much to be desired in terms of cordiality and efficiency. It is expected much more from a 4 star standard. 
Drainage plug in bath wouldn't lift up 
No airport transfers at all 
Reception staff can only understand English when they want to. If you go with a problem, they decide, they don't understand you. The man on reception is extremely rude and seems to dislike women. The staff put you off right away. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. 
All the staff at the bar area were extremely rude, so, due to this, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. 
One of the main reasons we booked this hotel was due to the pool. However, on a number of occasions, we were unable to use it as we couldn't get a seat or a Sunbed, which there was only 8 of The room, was ok, a lot of space for so little furniture. The bed squeaked every time me or my partner, moved and wasn't very comfy. The balcony was excellent and the doors to the balcony was sound proof. However, the room itself wasn't and every morning we were woke by the cleaner vacuuming, the hall 
The room is very small for 3 pp 
The noise and views of high rise demolition directly in sight line are unavoidable. I suppose, however, the pinxos and wine for happy hour could have been better fresher quality. 
Too far from the centre, unhelpful staff not comfortable simple and unsatisfied breakfast 
It wasnt clear that the breakfast wasn't included. 
The cooling system is not effective and the location is rather too far. 
N, A 
Parking bar and breakfast a little to the expensive side compared to value 
1, Costly for small room 2. I did not like that when we arrived and during check in I paid for the breakfast for the two nights In the morning, I was sick and did not go for the breakfast. My husband went alone, but he informed the staff that I am sick and can't eat breakfast and requested for yoghurt and tea to the room. When we were checking out, I found that they have charged the breakfast for two persons and also the room service. We explained to them and tried to request them to consider either one, even if they charge the breakfast, which was expensive, But they said breakfast is nonrefundable and they claimed that they only charged the delivery for the room service Again. Don'T know why it is not a big deal for this small case, but they could manage it better. So we an appraise and give good comment about the hotel 
Generally, the breakfast offer was poorer and not that good as compared to other Mercure hotels, for example, Ostrava The hotel is located in quite an old building and you can tell it from the rooms, design and equipment. On the other hand, location is a great advantage. It'S just a few minutes: walk from the heart of the old town, 
Nothing 
Room sold as 3 person room, but a supplementary bed had to be installed after we arrived. Breakfast is really expensive at 21 euros. Quality of breakfast was OK but not worth 21 euros. 
Check, in said, from 15 00, We arrived at 15 30 to be told, room would be at least 1 hour Got a room after over an hours wait, which was a twin when we had booked a double. Eventually, we got a double room after having to complain at reception, Very poor, as we wanted to get ready, quick and go out to a concert at the Arena. 
We found that the bar area, the light fixtures, had spider webs hanging from them and full of dust. We were disappointed one evening as we came down for dinner and we were told that we could only eat in the bar area and a very limited tapa menu. Like 5 items, When we asked why we were told that they just had a bus full of people and that they were not serving any other guests in the hotel, dinning room, My husband and myself were upset. As we are guests in this establishment, The hotel should have plan to have food servings for there other guests in the dinning room or perhaps letting guests know in the morning that there would be no dining available and we could have made other plans to eat downtown. In Amsterdam, This is very disappointing that it happen courtyard, Marriott, 
Staff never told us about using the card to use the lift. Another guest told us 
Almost everything 
Very basic rooms and eclectic crowds stay in this hotel. 
The breakfast already cost too much at 16 Euros each. However, this was a discounted rate When they tried to charge me more upon leaving at the normal price of 22 Euros, I complained and they applied the original discount. Beware you captive to the breakfast charge as there is nowhere else around unless you go into the city centre. 
Bathroom was nice, but shower was a little weak and lukewarm 
The glass shower in the middle of the room is just strange, considering that this is more a business hotel than a couples retreat. The mattress was stone hard and the pillows were flat, Just all very uncomfortable. 
Good breakfast 
Instructions'Re operating the relaxation room in the suite would have been helpful. I'M sure someone would have told us how to use it. If we had asked but didn't want to be constantly bothering reception, More TV channels would have been welcome, even if it was just Sky news or CNN 
Beware taxi rip off by allowing hotel to hail cab e30 from airport to hotel with an airport taxi hotel, hailed taxi cost e50 
Breakfast 
Rooms are very old and needs renovations and it smelled like urine. The room was very hot and the AC is very old and barely working. I asked the respsionist several times to change the room, but they said no. The executive lounge is the worst lounge. I'Ve been to in any hotel almost no food coffee machine, always not working and very rude lounge staff, no kettle inside the comfort room. If you want to iron your clothes, you have to go to the ironing room in the 5th floor. 
Breakfast, it's terrible, always lack of evething drinks. Sweets, snacks service is terrible too. Waiters are very slow, they don't clean tables after guests, so you can see lot's of tables with dirty plates when you are looking for a new one to have breakfast The staff in absolutely disorganized and need to have a good manager. So I can say that in general my mark to the hotel is 3 from 5. It'S a good 3 star hotel, but not 4 
I wasn't too impressed with the breakfast bar: There were no plates for the hot section, missing items, weren't filled up very quickly and the sections were not organised in a natural flow, so customers easily walked in each other's way in a rather narrow aisle. 
Though we had a non smoking room, but the smell of the cigarette smokes enter the room. The bathroom has no privacy, no locker nor ventilation. 
Beds were not comfortable and even though it was a double bed, they used two single bed sheets not fitted which moved around and didn't fit properly. The cleaner broke a glass in my room on the Sunday and just left it like that. I had to call someone to come: get the broken pieces, as I had no broom in my room By the Friday, I was still stepping in shards of glass as the cleaner failed to clean properly EVERY day since the incident, and despite me asking several times to Vacuum the entire room, My supply of coffee and sugar sachets were never replenished some days I didn't even have any. Neither did I have any coffee cups. The breakfast options were very limited And the same every day The coffee was good, though The gym consisted of one small room with a treadmill and some weights. 
We liked everything I would add that the stairs are steep being Amsterdam, but there is a lift if you need it. We drove to the city, and although there is some parking near the hotel, it is extremely expensive and I would really advise against taking your car into the centre. We parked in a Park and Ride on the outside and took Tram 14 in to Westmarkt, which is only a couple of minutes: walk from the hotel. 
Presence of flies on the fruit at breakfast, Waitress at breakfast does not say hello, nor reply to ours. 
Dismal room with no windows, No staff on the bar Reception staff, unhelpful Hotel, not welcoming Poor value for money, Never rate as a 4x hotel stayed in much better 3. 
Getting the rooms ready earlier since most are coming in after a long overnight, flight 
The breakfast could have been slightly better 
Bed uncomfortable No much breakfast options: 
Room is in need of repainting, it looks good, but still you can see the usage 
Liked in every way, 
We had requested an early check in, but still had to wait till mid afternoon to get into our room. 
40 euro car park per day, 
Room wasn't clean curtains were mouldy blood on one of the pillows. Ac ventilation did not work at all. Price was too high for what looked totally different in the pictures. 
Its expensive 
The room had unattractive decor and was lacking in comfort eg only one chair to sit on bad lighting, although deluxe The hotel was surrounded by noisy and dusty roadworks, I think booking com, especially as you are in amsterdam, should have made potential bookers aware of that. The outside, cafe, etc, were unusable and the noise started early in the morning and hindered access. It was disappointing. 
The machines at fitness center were old, 
No welness for that price breafast should have been included rooms, not very big. 
The fact that it took very long on one of the days for our room to be cleaned only happened late afternoon and we were quite tired. 
Internet in the room is bad. 
More sunbeds around the pool on roof terrace 
Nothing 
The breakfast was very expensive and I opted out of it. The rooms were on the small side, 
At 17 Euros per person, the breakfast was considered to be too expensive. They had coffee in the room, however, which made it better. The rooms were on the small side, but adequate for one person. In my booking, somehow the mini bar was free, which was an added benefit. 
The neighbors was very lough, 
Curtains doesnt, close well and doesnt fit well by covering the the walls Line, shining thru, the window. 
Nothing 
Dinner: choice of dishes in the menu of the restaurant, a bit limited and kitchen service a bit slow. I waited for 70 minutes for my main dish. 
I'D expect couple bottles of water in the fridge, Especially arriving in the summer. 
No lobby, but will not stop me from coming back. 
Smallest double room ever seen: 
The maintenance ppl should check the room before the customer checks in We checked in and stayed at the room for one night with an AC problem, although we shared this with the maintenance guy on the first day, but he didnt fix it on the next day. The hotel moved us to a new room. 
Rooms are really small, which is disappointing for the amount charged per night. 
The view from the room 
Nothing 
The bathrooms, while adequate, were small and no place to put anything 
Mold on the walls hairs in the shower, The showerhead didn't work properly. The remote for the TV didn't work at all. Wifi was practically non existent Ordered a double bed got 2. Singles Windows can't be opened, so only air conditioned air, Not what you expect for the price. 
Crowded but a lot of guest when we arrived 
Room was way too small for 2 people and felt like sleeping in an office Office desk chair, broken security, lock, computer was the't v and very complicated and paper cups for tea and coffee, Not what I expected from the Hilton. There should be paper and or proper cups. We were also overcharged by 500 Euro and had to wait almost a week to get it back. We won't be staying again, Very disappointed. 
The staff is very rude at the reception 
A little bit overpriced, 
None 
Nothing 
My only complaint about the room is that there are no teaspoons with the tea coffee making. I did tell reception as we left My bedside lamp didn't work. Bbc 1 2 didn't work for 2 nights. 
Only one girl at the reception had a few bad days. 
It'S ok, 
Staff was not so communicative Answers to our questions were not so clear. It looked like the staff was not in their mood, But it can't be said about the security staff. They were really nice and much more communicative than the staff at the reception. 
Saturday, the had a big party Super lourd with thecno music till 11pm, Not good for me. 
No mirror in bedroom to do hair 
Daily cleaning of rooms better be done during morning afternoon, not around 17 00. Another receptionist counter can really be helpful to avoid lining up for the receipt when ever you have a question or request. 
The four cheese pizza available on the room service menu 
Wifi, terrible, No real interest by staff in customer Bedroom, furniture, basic Lifts, a bit slow, No complimentary bottle water in room; No complimentary biscuits for tea Fridge locked. It was more like a smart Travelodge than a 4 extra hotel. 
The hotel is advertised as being adult only. However, I did see some children in the hotel. There was also a child's hand print on the door of our room. I don't have a problem with children being around and they did not cause any disturbance. However, I do feel that it was false advertising. 
No tea and coffee facilities in the room. This should be provided as a minimum loud club noise on the Saturday night, which went on until about 3 4 in the morning. 
The location is far from the city, though it should not concern the visitors, as the subway station is not far. It is our second stay in this hotel and we see that the check in process is very problematic. People are waiting quite long to get checked in and it does not look a very efficient way of working. 
Airconditioning in fhe bar area was too cold. 
Not great in cocktails in the rooftop, though, the rooftop itself is great. 
A little noisy at night 
I am not very sure how safe the area around the central station is because of the people gathering there in the square. It was dirty noisy, but I wouldn't say they were aggressive. 
The restaurant was a bit small to accommodate all the guests. It got very overcrowded at breakfast, Slow to replenish food after it ran out 
The fairly recently renovated Shower leaked onto the bathroom floor, making it slippery and unpleasant. We advised the staff on the first morning, who said it would get attended to, but the next morning it was just the same. We spoke with the manager on checkout and, although he was sorry and reduced our room rate, it is disappointing when these issues are not corrected. When noticed, All it needed was application of some sealant. Also, the charge for an Aperitivo on the roof was very excessive. At 15 Euro each 
Beds were a little hard. Air conditioning was ineffective and intermittent especially considering record heatwave temperatures. 
Most of the hotel staff were very friendly, but the waitress at the hotel bar was very poor. I would have to ask twice for a coffee wait: 15 minutes for the coffee to be made, even when there were no other customers and the waitress was not busy. Then I would have to wait another 15 minutes for the same waitress to take my money. Even after asking for the bill, She was definitely making things purposely difficult. This made me stop going to the hotel bar. There were pickpockets and thieves operating near the hotel. My mobile phone was stolen from inside a restaurant near the hotel 
Just ok, hotel 
Water pressure was bad food, wasn't that great Otherwise, nice accommodations 
Location 
It'S a very minor issue: Our room had a nice rain shower, which worked very well, but the shower base was a bit slippery and was too flat to effectively drain the water away fast enough. Water tended to flow under the shower door onto the floor in the area of the toilet. The bathroom is sort of open plan and is right in front of you as soon as you enter the room. This didn't bother us at all, but it is a somewhat strange layout. 
The walls were so thin. I could hear neighbouring guests open and close their closets and drawers. I panicked on the first morning because it sounded like they were showering in my bathroom. What happened at 1am on Monday morning made me feel deeply uncomfortable. I would have taken a cold shower, but didn't want them to think someone was in their room. It'S always nice to hear cheery cleaning staff yelling to each other. In the hallways, though, A final oddity, there was a distinct lack of plug points, so this was the first hotel. I'Ve stayed at in many years where my phone hasn't been within arm's reach, as it's charged overnight Having to march across the room and turn off my alarm rather than snoozing it for 2 5 hours was deeply distressing. 
The staff at the poor bar 
Although all was cleaned, they must pay attention to the lamps in the room They weren't clean. 
The dark room which had no closet, the self proclaimed art the inaccessibility to parts of the hotel for hotel guests, including the gallery due to private showings. 
Nothing 
The housekeeping service is less than expected. 
Delayed check in due to someone paying extra for late check out. They had my email and mobile and could have easily. Let me know in advance Offered an upgrade, but when I asked if it was free, they said the hotel was fully booked. 10 mins later was told they could do a free upgrade after all, Upgraded room. Wasn'T as nice as the room I paid for 
Limited coffee facilities in room, no decaf, coffee, 
Would have liked some more indoor, seating, sofas, 
The only thing I didn't like was the size of the rooms Very clean and modern and bed very comfortable Shower great too 
No kettle in room No fridge, No cupboard. 
Could not get the air conditioning to work no bin to get rid of rubbish? 
Tv don't have channel's, the bed is hard to sleep and the shower don't have pressure. 
Not enough coffee, tea, milk, considering the cost of room, Not enough toiletries for 2 people again considering the price of the room. Hotel, not easy to find from metro, better signposting would be better. There is a large park at the entrance and easy to get lost. Would not feel safe if we arrived at night 
Every night around 2pm there would be people talking very loudly outside Even with windows closed. It could very well be heard. The windows and walls are not vet, sound proof So bring some ear plugs. Otherwise, a hotel, ver good value for money. 
Very noisy, you can hear people next door and upstairs The sounds from the toilet. Also 
Nothing 
Maid service was slightly erratic, Sometime clearing items that we needed like an unfinished bottle of wine, and sometime leaving items like empty water bottles and rubbish rather should have been cleared Standard of cleanliness, otherwise good 
Breakfast room in a basement No bar on the rooftop 
Nothing I had an excellent stay. 
Air conditioning could have been a little cooler 
Rooms looked very old 
No tea or coffee making facilities in room Just one small disappointment. My daughter and I arranged with the front desk staff to order a taxi to take us to the airport. After asking for an estimate of how much the fare would be, We ended up with a hotel transfer by van, which became clear on the receipt we received at the end of the journey and which was double what we expected to pay. Happily, the hotel have met the difference in cost between the two fares. They have been very pleasant to deal with over. This issue Suggest that travellers make themselves aware of the difference between the two options and check as to what they are getting 
Just a nip there're, no conditioning in bathroom 
The location is not good for family. If you want to be in the center, It takes about 1 2 hrs to walk to the old city. The breakfast was not much to write home about and very sparse. There was no tea coffee making facilities in room. The description of the hotel mentioned slippers and some other toiletries that were not in the room. 
Pool area was a bit hit, miss 
Everything was great, albeit a little pricey. 
Although I booked 3 rooms circa two months before our arrival, neither one was ready at 15 00 regular check in. We have to wait almost one hour. The receptionist was not too polite. 
If you have a standard room without a view be prepared for a view of a wall with other room's windows, The parking was extremely expensive Reception from front desk, not very friendly or helpful. 
Parking not enough parking spots. 
Small rooms - 
The air con in the room was very loud and didn't keep the temperature very low during the night, although it was very hot outside 
Alot of Street Noise 
Na 
The check in desk design could have been better, doesn't reflect the quality and comfort of the rooms. 
I like showers, but there was a bath tub in our room, but that was no problem. I wanted to stay in. Docklands so chose this particular hotel, but found it to be a little too far from the central London 
Breakfast is expensive for what's on offer and isn't kept hot enough Should have larger plates for hot food and plates should be warmed. 
One way streets on the square a bit complicated in terms of driving to the hotel, 
The bathroom was not cleaned up before our arrival. The shower was dirty with hair. On the floor. Moreover, we requested a late check out and the staff confirmed it till 2pm, but the cleaning woman came to knock at our door at 11. 50Am, Not professional at all, not acceptable from a 4 stars. Hotel 
Location a bit far from center 
All good 
Restaurant waiting too much for an order more than 45 minutes, 
Nothing 
My room was just above the garden where guests could smoke, so I couldn't really keep my windows open. 
The location of the hotel is not bad, since it has various good restaurants close to it, but if you want to walk to Vienne centre, is it quit far? Although there is subway station one block away, 
Nothing 
The location is very inconvenient if you want to be in the city. It'S a far walk from the metro bus station to the hotel daytime wasn't too bad, but I wouldn't recommend at night. The shuttle from the bus stop to hotel is 3 Euros per person. Steep price for a short drive, The view from our room was a juvenile detention center. Some fast food restaurants, The hotel room itself, is not comfortable if you're traveling with someone that isn't your partner, The shower is in the center of the room, so you have no privacy. Also, beware that, in order for the electricity to function, your room, the key, must be placed in the holder by the door. So if you need to charge something while you're gone, you'll be out of luck. 
Two items that could be improved, 1, HVAC or Air conditioning system needs either maintenance or upgrade 2 parking is expensive. 
There was no complimentary water and a he receptionist at the night shift was slow in understanding English. I had to buye my water from the restaurant because there was no complimentary water. 
Bed sheets didn't smell good, actually, Also. The car parking was really expensive. 40 per night 
The shallow steps down to the lobby area were a little tricky. 
Booked superior double room for extra space and got a small room lighting was poor and air conditioning did not work. Staff and service was particularly poor. The hotel has a pool on roof terrace which tempted us to book this hotel, but the surrounding area only had enough room for around 8 to 10 people so would not recommend booking this hotel. If looking for pool facility as insufficient for number of people in hotel, We were looking forward to using the pool area but did not get the chance as no room Food and drink, also very expensive. 
Room very basic Needed to ask for things like iron and then had to pick up from reception. 
The toilet is separate to the bathroom without a sink, so the thought of touching the door handles was a bit unappetizing. 
Seemed a little difficult for the taxi's that brought us to figure out how to get to the hotel. They dropped us off a block away When we left the taxi called by the hotel picked us up right in front, so there was a way to get there. The non local taxi's did not know how to get there. 
Wish the shower tub wasn't so narrow and that they would have a non slippery mat in the shower, But it was quite manageable. So I am not complaining. 
There was no fridge in the room, however, it's not problematic. 
Wasn'T happy with location booking com stated 2 7 miles from centre when it was actually about 5, Although very near to tram bus, stop direct into city centre. We would of liked to have been closer, Nothing in the area for tourists and a non alcohol area and hotel too, which we did not realise The night bus from 1 5am was unreliable and difficult to use. So we had to make sure we were back before 1am or pay 30 for a taxi Again. We did not like this A shame, because the hotel itself was good. 
Nothing 
Breakfast a little expensive 
The staff could me more friendly, it was very noisy at the hotel. Bathroom door was transparent and didn't close properly. 
Lifts broke 
The only issue I had was that myself and partner had to have twin beds rather than a double bed. When I asked for a double bed, nothing was available. 
A little expensive 
Breakfast was very expensive: 
For the money you couldn't swing, a cat, no canal view, like stated 
It was all fine and we really appreciated the vouchers for London attractions. 
The windows doesn't open for fresh air 
Nothing 
Hotel is old value for money is very poor. 
Clean hotel, 
This is the only real negative. The bedrooms need redecorating. Ours had wallpaper peeling off the walls in several places, and so did some of the rooms for other members of our party. 
The shower, which was really good in total leaked through to the bathroom floor, 
As a couple provided with two single beds pushed together wasn't ideal. 
Does not believe it is 4 star hotel. I was expecting more for the money I paid. 
Tea and coffee supplies poor often no milk or cream 
Rooms were to small for price 
Wifi was a bit weak and you would be logged out if your not using for a couple minutes. 
No pool, but then we knew that when booking A really lovely place and would highly recommend 
The view from the room - I guess, but really is splitting hairs. We were out exploring 
Breakfast would have been better Ironing facility in the room would be helpful for business visitors. 
I did not appreciate the fact that my room was not ready. I had an early check in, but I am sure there were a lot of rooms that are ready and could have been assigned to me. There were a couple of people who checked. In the same time, I did and were given their rooms No issue of early check in. I was extremely tired. I have been to busier hotels and had early check in with no problems. 
Very small elevator 
On arrival, there was a very friendly gentleman who assisted with our baggage and parking, but unfortunately not when we checked out and were in a hurry for the airport. 
The room was small, The breakfast was disappointing. The potatoes, eggs and sausages were cold. We ate there everyday as it was included in the room rate. It was also difficult to get the attention of the servers It took a while to get the coffee every time we went there. It was a bit of a surprise for us, as the food we had in Italy had always been delicious. 
We liked everything 
All good, but very traditional decor 
Rooms did not really feel too comfy, but good enough to sleep. Maybe I am being picky. Everything was fine, given the price. This was a good option for a low price close to the city center. If you require modern extra comfy hotel pay a premium and choose some other hotels in 4, star category or just go for 5 stars. 
Didn'T really stand out as anything special 
The floor was dirty, the toilet wasn't cleaned thoroughly. None of the lamps worked, the room was unimpressive, one of the beds was bad and looked awful and the breakfast was not that varied 
The area around the hotel was dodgy and we did not feel safe at all. We had to pay 8 Euro for parking per night. 
We were here in July, and this hotel had a serious mosquito problem at night. 
Not a nice area outside at night, 
The lifts are an issue, long wait, one lift doesn't seem to collect just drives up to floor 13, leaving one lift operational returning guests and still hasn't improved Chipped glasses in breakfast dining room, a lot. In fact, staff just responded. We know. Oh dear 
That we couldn't have stayed longer. 
Shower was cold on one of the days and wouldn't heat up. It would have been nice to be able to get tea, coffee and cake on the roof. Terrace Asked for poached egg for breakfast and a cappuccino, Poached egg came practically raw and cold and never did get the cappuccino. 
Undergoing renervations, so breakfast room not in keeping 
If you stay more than three days, the breakfast gets a little boring due to lack of selection. 
The nighbourhood is not that nice place, but its also not veey bad, Maybe at night its a bit unsafe to go out. 
The location not close to the city center at all, It takes around 30 minutes walking and when choosing to go by subway, we had to exchange 2 subways and walk an extra 8 minutes, Not sure why it has city center. In the name, There was no option to get single beds in a standard, double room which was inconvenient for us not being couples. Also when it came to a second blanket there was this extra blanket in the closet, the smelled, pretty bad and was kind of itchy. I would suggest cleaning those once in a while. We also had a triple room, and that was the exact same size as the double room. But with one extra bed, that's just blocking the couch And if you calculate the price per person it more expensive than the price per person in a double room. Another minus for us was the bathroom You get either extremely hot or extremely cold water in the shower. It takes a while to get it to be a nice medium. Also, the appliances there need some renewing. There was something below the sink that was just about to fall off. 
We could not have an early breakfast on the day of our departure. It had to be requested way more in advance than we thought. 
Had to change rooms 5 times The first time the door wasnt locking another room, the shower head was one shower away from knocking the user out, one room, the lights, werent working another, the blinds were faulty and another time we were downsized. This may be personal, but dogs are allowed at breakfast, which can be uncomfortable for hygiene reasons, but pets are allowed at the hotel, so maybe it is to be expected Quite expensive to get from Malpensa to The Hub via taxi over 90 euros. However, there is the option of coach for 8 euros to milano centrale and a taxi from there to the hub at around 30 euros. But of course it takes awhile longer Only found a couple. Restaurants nearby 20 minute walk, I would say, but I wouldnt recommend it. Just get the shuttle to Morino and get the train to restaurants. I believe it is only ranked 4 star because of the gym swimming pool and spa facilities, but it didnt feel worthy of a 4 star rating 
The lighting in the room is so low, brilliant to prevent glare, but not good. For us. Girls that like to do our make up in natural lighting, The restaurant was the only place we could use on our first night as we arrived so late from Florence, and we were quite far from other places and for a simple salad for 2 people. We paid almost 40 Euros Felt like it was catered to. Americans did not feel European or Italian at all. Sadly, 
The Breakfast was very average and the guy that checked us in was not friendly, But he was when we checked out 
No comment: Everything was very good. 
The location is not a nice neighborhood at all. The view from the window was a creepy abandoned, building and no window covering in the bathroom. Not walking distance to anything at all Must give credit to the web photographer, because the photos look nothing like reality. The shelving inside the room was slanted and coming off the wall and there were dead bugs splattered on the bedroom wall. If we would have been booked for more than 1 night, we would have switched hotels, Not sure how this hotel scored such a high star rating. On Booking com, 
Derelict buildings 
I don't like the attitude of rhe receptionist 
Could have left more towels in the room, I am sure they would have provide if we have asked 
Breakfast was not very good. Although there were a lot of choices, the qualify of the food was pretty bad. It bothered me a lot that the eggs were fake and there was mostly just sugary stuff to eat. 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Some of the essentials were missing: no sun loungers around the pool and no patio furniture for the balcony. 
The pool location was dissapointing, mid garden, surrounded by buildings. 
Nothing 
Gym is, on the basement, a little scared at night. 
Bathrooms are a bit tired, 
Chaotic service at breakfast we had to wait for a table for a while, and nobody was interested to provide us one Mediocre food for 4 star hotel, 
Location, lack of public transportation, 
The restaurant in the hotel was closed and did not serve lunch or Dinner, but only breakfast was served in the morning and our room was smaller than we expected. Otherwise, the Property was nice. 
The rooms could be slightly bigger, 
The breakfast was abit basic, but for a quick bite before a day exploring the city, it was fine. 
Iron in every room needed 
The first room I went too had a smell of smoke, none of the lights worked in the room and the fuse box was open. I informed reception, as I went out to dinner. I only had 20 mins to checkin and get out again When I returned late. That evening, expecting a new room to be made available, The night clerk assured me everything would be ok. However, it looked like no one had been up to the room to investigate or anything. It was exactly the same as when I left They gave me a new room key three times I had to make the trip from reception to my room and none of the keys they gave me worked Only when the night clerk opened the door. Could I get in the room They room? They moved me to was nowhere near as good as my original room. 
Dated and bathroom needed attention 
No tea or coffee in the room, 
Better sound proofing in windows from Vondel Straat 
It'S just a shame: they don't have onsite parking. 
Cleanliness location is great, like 400 meters, far from metro station and 1 station to the famous Danube shopping centre, 
The underground parking was very expensive: 67 for 2 nights. 
Baby bad look like laundry cart. 
It was good enough for the price 
Room was on the ground floor and very noisy, not from a bar, but the utility room opposite, which staff seemed to use from very early. In the morning We was woken at 6am by noise. I think the hotel must know this. Room is particularly noisy and should avoid putting guests opposite. Room105. 
Small rooms - 
No coffee or milk to go with the tea bags in the room. 
Nothing all was great 
The view from the room 
Drilling started at 7, 45 am 
The rooms are too dark need more, better lighting, 
I have stayed at this hotel regularly for 7 years with great satisfaction, Great location and setting, But on the 2 occasions this year the room was not ready at the nominated check in time and the restaurant service was very poor. I hope the management bucks up as I would miss not staying here on my visits to South London. It is not cheap. 
Not enough tables for breakfast so had to queue to eat in the mornings. 
A little dark in the room until the desk lamp came on. 
Nothing that i can complain about really 
No extra facilities in the hotel just a breakfast place, and that was it 
Room old smell old and tired furniture 
Rooms are nice, but for elderly a bit difficult as most rooms are two story with narrow steps, So ask for single level Inside the rooms are very, very basic, just tea, coffee and boiler, and no bar empty fridge. 
My room was dirty and I was afraid to walk barefoot on the floor, which looked as if it was not cleaned. In weeks, White furniture which looked nice in pictures, was dirty too, and the door looked like it was attacked by an angry dog. My shower drain was clogged and the staff did not respond to my request to clean it On a day with heavy rainfall, a pretty common occurrence in Amsterdam. The roof in my room was leaking. Luckily not on the bed. You could also see signs of earlier water damage. I also saw insects running on the floor Overall. The second floor of the property looked dirty and badly kept. On top of all of this, a repairman who came to fix something in a room next door at midnight was very noisy, as were many of the guests. I understand the challenges of running a hotel in an old building, but this negligence is inconsistent with prices demanded by the hotel On the last night after I complained about water damage, the night shift manager offered to move me to a different room, but that offer came Pretty late around midnight, when I was already in bed and ready to sleep 
Beds, sucked Air conditioner too loud for use 
For the time we were there, everything was good 
No complementary water, very inconvenient cleanliness, very superficial, 
Outside the hotel, too many migrant and not good location, 
The furniture needs a bit of renovation Wanted to have their breakfast, but the kitchen smell was all over the dining room, So went to out. 
The Belgian beer bar closed at 11pm 
Breakfast is too expensive to the quality 
Nothing 
Our room was situated on the ground floor as it had a delightful terrace. However, the plants were just dull and even some were dead, no colour and yet what an opportunity to really wow your guests with area that could be filled with scent colour from climbers. At very little cost, In addition to this, because we had to pass the Kitchen entrance and the door was always open. The smell and heat hit you as you were walking down. There was always staff standing in the doorway and even if you said hello, they would just look at you and carry on talking to each other, so it made you feel a little uncomfortable. We did have some previous guests smelly socks left in one of the draws, but one call to reception and the actual lady on the desk came and dealt with it straight away. 
The air conditioning fan was a bit loud 
The hotel itself seems a little old. I stayed there a few years ago and loved it. They could do with a little renovation of the furniture which was bad and old. Specially at the entrance of the hotel reception, looks old and not very practical. 
The attitude of couple of staff work in the reception just hope is not usually situation. Coz part of staff are prefessional. 
I was woken up at 12 30am to a very loud piercing fire alarm. The hotel was evacuated and had to stand in pyjamas outside for the next half hour. I was asked how my stay was on departure. I do understand they have to adhere to health and safety regulations. However, I did mention, I was disappointed at being woken up so unexpectedly, I did not think the staff member empathised too much and I felt it spoiled my stay as this is not a cheap hotel. 
If you need a taxi, there is a taxi stand by the Place. Pereire 2 mn away. It is quicker than the hotel ordering a taxi for you. 
Request another room as balcony windows: let a lot of noise in during the night, where you hear a lot of cars groups of people Kept me awake a lot of the time. 
Rooms are very small, Cold breakfast is so little and unappealing for kids Quite expensive, for what they offer Gym is a small room with 3 equipments. Only 
Small room, Modest breakfast 
Worst ever Waldorf Facing Main Street very noisy all the time. First night we had a double bed. On the second floor, noises by the cars can be heard everywhere. Bathroom is a mass. The spray is the most fantastic one I have ever seen. It can make the whole bathroom wet And without another one to take shower together. U cannot successfully finish washing your hair, Isn't it romantic The next day they agreed to change us to another room and the mirror on the wall of the bathroom nearly fell down. Thriller movies Plenty of 4 stars hotels around much more cozy than this 
Nothing I didn't like 
Breakfast Spread could have been much better. Rooms were small, especially taken with Queen Bed. 
Room was a little small and could have been a little cleaner but overall, a gem of a hotel and would stay again. 
The breakfast is good, but not at 4 level. 
This hotel needs to be rated at It's actual worth TWO STARS: 
Double room extremely small Shower, would benefit a proper shower base to avoid floor becoming very wet and slippery, Not enough towels provided for 2 people. 
Rooms are a bit pokey, but that's normal for Paris. 
The single rooms are a tad small 
None 
There was nothing we did not like 
The room was very warm even with the air conditioning set low and on full power. It just didn't seem to circulate the room Also. Unfortunately, the area is not ideally situated for using public transport, especially as the closest route closes early. 
Full bin bags just left outside our room for quite some time, breakfast, not great value. 
I found very little to criticise 
Double bed is not the most convenient to sleep for a couple the mattress rocks around when one person is moving. There seems to be no option in the hotel for a room with 2 separate beds. 
Nothing to complain, 
Rooms too, small 
Rude and dismissive staff 
The cleaning detergent they used for the room was very strong and gave me a headache, and the location is very far off from anything. 
When we visited Paris, temperature was touching 32 degree. Room AC was not working properly. First, it was very slow. It used to take at least 1 hour to lower the temperature by even 2 degrees. Second, it never went below 24 25, even though we tried setting it to 20 Problem was not resolved even after informing the staff. 
Only one lift no curtains in the room net curtains only so the sun would wake us up as it would beam into the room on our faces, as the windows were faving. The bed 
It isn't cheap 
The reception hall 
There was a problem with the bedside light Someone came, but we're unable to rectify the fault. 
It would have been nice if the Hotel provided portable Wifi for guests As a first time visitor the city. It would have been helpful. 
Nothing 
Parking was difficult, 
Bath to high 
Really soft pillows 
This is not a 5 hotel, The room was dingy, The bed was lumpy, One concierge was great, The other did not know anything, including information about a hop on hop off bus. We definitely overpaid once you convert the pounds to 
Anything only check in is about 2PM 
Nothing 
Shower attachment over bath very small and pressure of water very bad at peak times, 
For us, the location was a bit too far out from the main city, sights 
Novotel would't accept the Accor 15 percent discount card for food and drink in the hotel. 
We were sent to a family restaurant in the 1st floor to have breakfast one day, just because we had 2 childs with us, and the quality of the food was not as good as the one in the hotel restaurant that we had had the day before and Plus no coffee machine nesspresso was available. This just happened 1 day. The other 3 breakfast was excellent. 
Nothing that I can recall 
Very small room, Bad attitude from reception staff; 
Wifi very unreliable in my room, had to resort to hotel foyer Bit old fashioned for my taste. 
The rooms were quite small, but we expected that 
Had an awful meal in restaurant couldn't eat, it had to go elsewhere Disappointing, as so many options and decided to eat in restaurant on last night as it looked impressive tarnished, an otherwise good experience. 
The room we were in 1 was in the basement, near the elevator machine room and an exterior entrance that maintenance housekeeping used frequently in the morning, which was noisy. It made it difficult to sleep in on the couple of days. We wanted to get a few extra hours. The bed was very hard, but if housekeeping were a little more quiet in the morning, it would have been fine. 
Nothing really 
Service WAS VERY SLOW. 
All was fabulous, 
The room we were upgraded to was really shabby. 
The district itself isn't exciting, but there is a good public transport service. Also, few parks nearby to walk The tap water isn't suitable to drink at all. Don'T try to make a tea or coffee with it, But this is London, not a hotel fault. The price for a night was expensive for us. We usually stay at the places twice cheaper, But at least we got a beautiful shelter after the hole we had to run away. 
We could not use the nice roof terrace because we were in company of children. 
Coming back late, one night, no staff at reception felt a bit deserted. 
Car parking was expensive, 50 for one night, Hotel could do with a little TLC 
Expensive rate and no Arabic channels in the TV also the restaurant menu could be improved. 
No temperature control for the room Only option was having balcony door open, which I didn't feel comfortable to do Getting around. The annex was confusing, as there are no sign posts to point you towards reception, lounge area. You just had to follow fire exit signs, which I don't think is adequate. 
Tea coffee facilities in room need improving 
A little bigger bathroom 
Very expensive, Very 
It was a bit expensive but worth the splurge for our anniversary, We loved it Wish we had time to use the spa, but we were only there for 2 nights, so we wanted to see as much of the city as possible. 
Nothing comes to mind. 
Not very clean a c didnt work properly towels were way pass their use date. They should buy new towels 
No Coffee in room 
Our room was at front of hotel, so the noise from the street and cars was quite loud. Rooms are quite small, but was fine, as we were out most of day Breakfast room. Quite small also had to wait both mornings to get a seat. 
A bit small 
Lift is too small only for 2 people get in no room for luggage Because it is so small. It is good for lovers. 
There was an issue with the alarms going off a few times randomly in the middle of the night early morning for two nights Had the alarms not gone off, I would've rated higher 
It was under renovation, and no one informed us until check in which took almost an hour of waiting to be served. We were told the renovation noise would not start until 10am, but found that it actually started at 7am right above our room, No room service Kept getting questioned at the door. If i was a guest and needed to show proof Not what i would expect after paying that sort of money to stay at the hyatt 
There was a noisy funfair until very late at night, just in front of my window. 
We asked for a room with a view stuck us in front of parking. We asked for a ride from the airport and did not even respond Small room with no room to lay clothes, A noisy air conditioner, The entrance of a staff woman into a room without an invitation to a room when we were inside pretend to make sure everything Is all right, The bathroom sink was not cleaned all the days. We were there. Somehow they got 4 stars. We would give 3 max, Make no mistake and be fooled by the name. Hilton 
More hangers for clothes, but that's really a minor issue. 
Expensive but we needed to be close to the train station 
Very expensive and the bathroom is very dark. 
Nothing 
No quick breakfast Little tv channels, 
Everything was perfect, 
The bed is to small for two peoples: 
Some of the staff could not help're local parking and didn't seem too interested in helping 
Staff treated us like a number, Only seen the guy once for check in 
Hotel is far from city center. 
Wish it had more amenities or if we could use other Best Westerns with pools, spas, 
Bathrobes were dirty when we arrived and moldy shower curtains. 
Tv sucks, though, everything is in french and the english shows didnt work. Wifi is pretty bad because the signal is super weak, Also its annoying that you cant check in until 2, But they do hold your bags, so you can leave the hotel so thats, ok, 
The staff at breakfast restaurant can be dis, organized at times forgot to bring our order or the wrong order, But the staff at lobby were very efficient and everyone was very friendly. 
Room somewhat small Europe 
No refrigerator in the room and double bed was queen size. The rooms at Tim, Hotel Blanche included nespresso, but this one doesn't 
The rooms are very small. The front desk manager was not very helpful to meet my expectation to help to satisfy me Also No help desk to help you book for attractions and trips. 
There was not one thing that I did not like: 
Needs a small refrigerator in the rooms 
Doesn'T have a GYM and when I need to swim, they have change a water, and I don't know why they didn't change the water before they are opening and there is a small rooms. 
Rooms are quite tiny and couple with complex layout of some rooms. 315 for e g leads to no space to walk around No air conditioning in this heat is killer. The GBP20 early check in is a scam. I can understand if that, if someone wishes to avail of that in advance, it's fine. But if someone is at the property at 10am and the room is available, who charges money for early check in then 
Slow elevator, only one working too Rooms seem basic for the star rating 
My single room was very small: 
Nothing 
Everything was perfect, 
Nothing 
The front desk can be more efficient with the check in process. We'Ve been waited for like 40 minutes, while there were only less than 4 people in front of us. Also, we got a problem in communicating with one of the reception lady I used my credit card to guarantee for two rooms and my friend who's to stay in one of the room will arrive later. The reception lady promise that she will mark in the booking system for the gurantee, so I don't need to come to the front desk again to show my credit card again when my friend arrived. However, my friend was required persistently by the reception that I, with my credit card, has to show up when she actually arrived pretty late on that night. What'S even worse is that reception, lady who's promised to me did not even make an apology about her mis communicaiton. That'S definitely not a good impression on my arrival Other than that the stay is good. 
Hotel wardrobe and bathroom toilet could have been cleaner. A little bleach required 
Poor communication from staff We were not told when we checked in that breakfast was not included, So overpriced for just a room. Then we had breakfast not knowing we were going to get charged. Breakfast was 17 euros each and was poor. 
Location seems fairly isolated from the city. However, it is close to the airport. 
The staff were completely and utterly rude, especially on arrival. The gentleman was so rude, Not a very good start. Staff need to learn to smile and have some manners The state of the room lower than average needs. A reno Was most disappointed. 
The room is small and the breakfast is everyday. The same 
Construction was going on while our stay Workers started working around 10 am in the morning. 
Nothing 
Hotel had no shower gel, no soap, no shampoo bath tube dirty view from the room was on patio, and actually it was a view on huge ashtray. Cigaretes were all over Plus we had room where someone was smoking Because we were hungry for Paris. We did not have time to make all the complains. We did not want to waste time, and personnel from the Hotel was rather not that enthusiastic to help They listen, but that was it To conclude. Hotel is in good location. The metro station is close As a 4 star Hotel. I would expect some more. Therefore i thing this price should be at least 10 less 
Hotel had no shower gel, no soap, no shampoo bath tube dirty view from the room was on patio, and actually it was a view on huge ashtray. Cigaretes were all over Plus we had room where someone was smoking Because we were hungry for Paris. We did not have time to make all the complains. We did not want to waste time, and personnel from the Hotel was rather not that enthusiastic to help They listen, but that was it To conclude. Hotel is in good location. The metro station is close As a 4 star Hotel. I would expect some more. Therefore i thing this price should be at least 10 less 
Not much space in the room for your own stuff, clothes luggage, 
I didn't want to leave the hotel 
Very impersonal you do checking in and out yourself breakfast was expensive, so we ate elsewhere cause. There are plenty of pubs around that. Do great breakfasts, 
Nothing 
We changed rooms three times we had booked a king room but had been downgraded to a queen. The room wasn't great and the bathroom very dated with a window that didn't close. The second room was non smoking, but smelled of cigarette smoke and again wasn't good. The third room was fine, but the bathrooms are so dated. We had, however, booked a classic room. If booking, I would advise to pay the extra for a contemporary room. A lot of work is needed on the classic rooms to bring them up to standard 
The rooms were fairly small, but not a problem. 
Check in too long 
The bath room to small 
The room was very cold and they had no heater, and when I asked for heat, they sent me a blanket, but I was in the shower and could not open the door and the person bringing it became upset about that. They do not have many staff who speak English and some are impatient. 
The Internet 
The rooms for a 4 star hotel was very small and no parking on site. 
Small bed definitely not large, as stated in the room's description. No iron should be. According to my room's descripton mediocre breakfasts, The biggest dissapointment. The view on Montmartre, which you can find while browsing hotel's photo on booking com website, is only available from some of hotel's rooms. So don't expect you'll be eating breakfasts on the hotel's terrace and looking at Sacre Coeur Unless you book the proper suite 
The room was flithy, one of our rooms smelled awful, like sewer. There were stains all over the floor and walls. The bathrooms had stains in them. Just wouldn't chose to stay here again. Would sacrifice proximity just to be comfortable. 
Shower soaked bathroom floor and breakfast was poor. 
The staff were lukewarm, They didn't want to be there Horribly understaffed. I think they only had 5 people working there at one shift. One staffer forgot to load a luggage in the shuttle and we had to go back for it nearly missing our flight out. This was really unforgivable. We were lucky, the driver of the taxi shuttle was so nice and accommodating It felt horribly over priced for what you get You are essentially paying for location. That'S it. You can get more from other properties in the city. 
The furniture was out of style and old And not pretty like antique Just old ugly and damaged. Also, we didn't have a table for tea coffee at our execuitive room. They were on the tv table, but there was actually no room for it. Things felt out of the table Not so 5. Also in the douche there were rusty places. 
Ther'S, no coffee or tee in our room, 
Room size 
Breakfast did not appeal to me much 
The 4 stars do fool you. This is a good 3 star hotel, but nothing more Simple, accommodations with an ok breakfast in a great location. The staff is friendly and helpful. 
Beds were a bit hard 
Interior site view of room very 
Same breakfast for 4 days is very bad new hotel, but many things need to be fixed. The light system in the room has problems. 
Would have liked a bath in the bathroom Restuarant was very poor. Choice on Menu was uninspiring, food presentation and quality was very poor, Steak and Chips. How far wrong, can you go Served? A thin fatty steak with luke warm chips on a plate that was too small. Small pot of bearnaise sauce, but no vegetable garnish at all Over 50 of steak fat overall, a very cheap cut of meat used. 
Very poor service, Very low level of maintenance, No real manager on location, Devastating breakfast. After 0930, am Junior managers keep apologizing but not fixing stuff In 5 nights and two rooms we had to deal with unfunctional minibar unfunctional, electric curtain, blinking spot lilghts. That freaks your mind when trying to relax or read 
Air conditioning would not turn off, so my room got too cold at night, while sleeping under the very thick duvet became very hot tough to find a comfort zone. 
Hotel is in great location, however, we had a suite and its very black interior was too dark, especially at night time. You couldn't see anything, so maybe a little more lighting would be good. 
Room size is very small, Strange bathroom design where they separated the toilet seat from the sink and shower by a wall. So you have to step out of the toilet seat, room, walk across your room and enter the other part of the bathroom. Just doesn't make sense. Also, the receptionist working during my departure was not friendly and seemed bothered when I inquired as to why I wasn't getting my full pre autherization back. So I asked for an invoice and figured it out myself Totally unacceptable. Behavior 
Room could do with a little smartening up. I guess this is just general wear and tear Definitely wouldn't put me off coming back, though 
Noisy with building works across the street bathroom ceiling paint peeling 
Room was too small: 
Shower was way too hot. I think the mechanism was broken and not allowing enough cold water through 
To begin the room they offered us wasn't what we booked, nor was the second one they offered. The third room, finally met our requirements, a double bed and a sofa bed. The first two were missing the sofa for our daughter. The next issue was the fact that the shower head was broken with water. Coming out the sides We checked in on a Wednesday night. I told the front desk about it on Thursday, twice on Friday and again on Saturday. Every time we were told a technician would come to look at it. We checked out Monday and no one came to the room for inspection and or repairs. Additionally, there was a green stain mold, looking section on the floor right in front of the shower. That was mentioned every time I asked about the shower head. It was still there when we checked out, While the location was good. The ability of the staff to keep their room equipment, functional and clean is questionable. 
Room is a little small, but this is to be expected in the heart of London and not too small to feel uncomfortable or claustrophobic. Basically, everything felt perfect. 
N, a 
Room was a bit crowded because sofa was turned into second bed. There isn't much shelf space in the bathroom. During our stay. There was twice false fire alarm in the morning. I was told that those occurred because someone had taken too long hot shower Hmmm On those mornings. Breakfast was crowded, since every customer had woken up. At the same time. 
This was labeled a 4 Star hotel, yet no A C only two outlets, one of which was by the door, so not useful, no coffee maker, no iron, barely any walking room. We had a triple room for myself, my husband and 16 year old daughter. We each got a tiny twin size bed, one of which was a spring mattress cot, Bathtub, glass door, rubber bottom broken, so water leaked all over the floor. Truly one of the worst hotels. I have stayed Stayed at another 4 Star hotel in London few days prior with a complete opposite experience, so I am comparing hotels within the same city. 
No poached eggs available, they had all gone 
Long queue at front desk should have known before that we can check in online to save time upon arrival, booking com issue, not enough parking space at hotel, BUT public parking, The Minories available, close 5 min walk, really easy, no check out receipt still waiting on it. 
The night staff was not as friendly as the day time staff 
The room service keep opening the room while we are sleeping ro clean the room, 
The room was a bit small, but the bathroom was spacious enough. 
The amenities in the room are very poor, no mini bar no toothbrush, haircomb q tips. Only one glass that was not even one designed for mouth wash purposes. The room was extremely small. The old room service menu was hidden in the cupboard, no choice but columbian food and poor options. All together, The pillows on the bed were terrible, absolutely shapeless and hard to sleep on something that melts under you. No way this would satisfy most clients No way. This deserves to be a 4 star hotel, 
Keys did not work perfectly 
The bathroom wasn't cleaned everyday properly. 
It might be handy to have some umbrellas to help your clientele during rainy periods, Not a deal breaker, but it's a nice additional help to have An extra set of pillows would have been optimal. 
Parking place too small and don't have two way traffic. It looks like that. You have to drive to a lower level. However, when you do that you will get a closed door so hard to drive slaloms back backwards, slope up in a small place. We had booked. Two rooms, both rooms, didn't had towers in the bathroom and only one bottle. Welcome water. 
Room wasn't ready, Breakfast is pretty limited. 
Tricky parking very narrow entrance 
One small thing was, the shower, has only half wall and the rug was too small, especially with water that leaked out from shower 
Pillows not great, Not enough storage space. 
Shower head needs, descaling, very bad, bathroom ventilation, system, brick wall view, 
The door key that turns on the electricity is annoying, but I understand that wasteful use is expensive. 
Curtains could be thicker, 
Two twin beds pushed together. I'D expect better for 90 a night. The most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in springs, feel like they're, broken and dig into your back. Shower pressure was terrible. Bathroom very grimy needs a good scrub or replacing Cups had bits of tissue paper stuck to the inside. Obviously, where they'd been dried with loo roll 
The room had a washing machine, but the hotel wasn't able to provide a rack to dry clothes. We either needed to use a tumble, dryer, not suitable for all clothes or try to find room to hang up clothes around the room Staff were not the most friendly. Typically Parisian but were able to get things done when requested. 
The bed was two twin mattress put together and kept separating themself 
Small room and window whole hotel tight for a wheelchair 
Small rooms, dark and restricted communal space, not suitable for breakfast dining Junior suite was small, with no seating area to take in room dining Attic room with tiny window. 
Nothing not to like 
The rooms are very small, 
I would prefer a firmer mattress 
The staff wasn't friendly at all, no information were given the English, they spoke was horrible and they haven't been helpful many times. One of the biggest issues was the bathroom. It was small without windows and after taking a shower, the whole room was flooded because of the stupid construction, All in all a well located hotel, which is not worth the required prices. 
Strangely, the toilet wasn't level Very odd experience. 
Nothing 
Bear in mind at check in hotel charge, you deposit full amount of your staying additional 70 euro per day, No free wifi in rooms Very noisy starting early morning. If you want to sleep well before important meeting, definitely is not this place. Poor minibar 
Free standard wifi was 10 day. 
When we arrived, we was waiting to check in having a little laugh and was told we was to noisy. Thankfully we did not see the miserable receptionist for rest of our stay. 
The mattress too soft, or maybe too used 
There was a damp smell coming from the bathroom which I reported to reception and they resolved the problem quickly. 
Fewer restaurants around as quieter area, 
Nothing 
The issues with room service wrong order delivered 2 singles bed instead of a double bed for a stay with my partner. 
The noise early in the morning around 7am due to rebuilding works in the room near our room during 3 days. 
The noise dust as the hotel is being refurbished. No one told us when we booked, but the price was still high. 
Works going on shabby outlook, builders, materials, etc. 
Uncomfortable beds and poor configuration The full size beds pushed together to make a king like hotels, often do in Europe. However, sheets were put on as two separate beds instead of one bed, making it impossible to sleep. Next to my husband, 
The hotel is not far from the center, but the metro takes about 30 minutes to Dam square, So little bit of traveltime and planning is nessasary, but this is not something you should let stop you. The hotel service and staff are great. 
People who clean the rooms 
The bed was kind of a rock. The soap was wrapped in impossible to open packets and when they were finally opened, were very small and did not foam up at all. Shampoo was similar. 
Far from city center, 
Food is below average, and the gym bar is overpriced for what you get 
It was quite a long taxi ride to city centre and to the historical and cultural attractions of Barcelona. 
We stayed 4 nights at Barcelona, Prince hotel. We were first assigned to room 601. The room was in the shadow side and had bad ventilation. We found mold on the wall of the bath room. We stayed one night in the room and requested to change room and been reassigned to 1011. The new room faces the morning, sunlight and sea. There is no more mold smell, But when we enter the room we saw a bug on the bathroom floor, which was really disgusting, See picture. After all the experience we had a bad memory in the hotel for 4 nights. The room cleaner has done their job with good efforts. I think the problem lays with shower design. It is a fault design as if you are not careful when shower the water splits everywhere in the bath room and makes the whole room damp and easy to get mold bugs. 
Shower leaking water, no hot water, water flow is weak, Small Closet, 
The location suited me perfectly close to restaurants, excellent shopping and a taxi stand. However, you do have to walk a few blocks down to get to a metro. Stop Also. My room was a little dark with not much sunlight making it in, but that hardly mattered as I was out everyday. I can't think of anything else and those things are so nit picky that they're funny It's a perfect hotel. 
I really have nothing negative to say There was a small leak around showerstall, so the floor around sink would get wet but no big deal. I just placed a towel down. 
Closest Metro is 1Km away and the line is not very well connected, which means you always had to switch somewhere. Some of the buildings we saw from our room look depressing. Couldn'T turn the AC off 
Felt that the evening socialising area was a bit disappointing, No bar congregation of customers and families. Some of the bar staff in the day were not that attentive and sometimes not very quick. 
Ventilation of the room was not functioning and it took 3 days from the stuff to really fix it. Several contacts needed from our side 
The cleaning was not good, it was messy and they didnt clean the rooms at all. Just so it looked nice. The 3 days we were there, 
The location in the Gothic Quarter was good in that it was close to everything. However, it was difficult to get to by car. The main way into the area was blocked off for several of the days that we were staying there. Also staying in the Gothic Quarter meant dealing with lots of crowds all of the time Next trip to Barcelona. We would consider a different neighborhood. For this reason. 
Room not clean and bad smell in the corridors. 
The hotel is right above a subway line, so you can hear and feel the vibrations from all subways passing through The subways drive until late night. So it was horrible. 
Room was not quite as luxurious as I was expecting, but perfectly acceptable. 
Area of The City, Old interior, 
Little bit away from the city, but ok being close to the tube 
Bit closed in in room 
Rooms so small Bath room so old Need new shower 
Room is a bit small for price 
We had a room for 3 people, which was one of the smallest rooms we had ever been given at a hotel. The area for the double bed was very small, and our son slept in a small area behind the TV. The view was over a small road, but you couldn't see it as the doors would not fully open. I think this was for security, health and safety reasons. The price of this hotel was far too much money for what you get. This is the first time I have ever said this in all my years of travelling. It did't ruin our trip to Barcelona, but when I return, I will definitely do a bit more research on the hotel, 
Our room did not seem cool enough called to order a fan which made it better 
Drinks at the bar were expensive. 
Train runs underneath hotel and you can feel and hear it. 
The sheets should be of a higher thread, count 
Very expensive room service fridge wasn't working 
Building work ongoing so noisy at times, and restaurant not available other than breakfast Bar was frequently unattended. So getting snacks drinks sometimes took a little more effort than expected. Facilities were OK, but it's the location, you're really paying for Free wifi is a plus, but the signal was typically poor unless, in the hotel lobby, 
I had reservations for a king size bed and we got two singles 
Don'T be stingy on the free wine and cheese Dont limit to 1 glass encourage a second glass 
Rooms are too small, Bathroom is very tiny and door barely opened to pass to the toilet. We were a group of 7 and every room was the same. I would definitely not stay at this hotel again, Just because of the room size. 
The Spa was closed for the duration of our stay. 
The spa was closed and they did not tell us until we asked to use the spa. They did not tell us. The spa was closed before we got to the hotel when I was already communicating with them, nor during check in The water. In the shower, constantly changed from really hot to really cold Just did not live up to the hype at all. The location is right next to camp not but is a way out from the beach and the city centre, but not too hard to get about on the metro. Just not ideal. 
The only thing the hotel could have benefited from was a bathroom on the pool floor. 
Wifi, 
N, A 
There was once a moment when we had to wait that our room will be cleaned. 
Pricy, for what it is Rooms are very small, not the best service. The doors didn't lock properly, The ac kept breaking down in one of the rooms. 
The bathroom needed some attention: some small repairs, only 
The sound of the passing trams may disturb you 
Difficult to get to from airport Gym was very poor, Not enough sun beds. 
Only thing that i didnt like was the check in and out times Check in was 3pm, which meant we had to wait as our flight was early and check out was 12pm and our flight was late. We were aware of this beforehand, however, and were prepared to deal with this. The hotel also stored our cases before check in and after check out. So we didnt have to walk around with our case, which was very helpful. Amazing hotel would recommend to everyone. 
Nothing I didn't like about this hotel 
Free water in rooms would be better 
There was no hair dryer, The electrical system was a little bit weird and there was no outlet in the bedroom to charge phones only in the living room. 
Size of room 
Layout of ground floor and restaurant accessibility, 
Bought a croissant for breakfast and wasn't offered jam with it. 
Location was a bit far from central Amsterdam. You had to take a train that took around 20 minutes to get into the city other than that it was excellent. 
Door of the bathroom was broken. Half of it was missing. We could have done without the dj at the checkin desk because it made communication difficult. It'S simply not a good idea to play loud, music at a service counter Note that breakfasts are not included Paying for the breakfast was a big hassle. 
The taxi from city to the hotel was quite expensive in the night and they only take cash, Get your own supplies of water and some snack as there is nothing really around. 
X, 
Breakfast would have liked more choice of food. 
The receptionist on the arrival was neutral till negative. At the end, They tried to charge us with 2 peanuts and my friends for 1 peanut and 1 beer from refrigerator. We left from the Hotel with tram at 09 30 and they said that we took these things at 10 15. The girl from the reception checked. If the system works and she told us that works perfect, I insisted. And finally, we didn't pay. 
Guard rail in car park upper levels, it would have been very easy for a small child to fall through Room could have been cleaner, hair n lots of dust around 
The place is perhaps a little bit more modern, because you have to do many things by yourself. Machines cannot replace humans at the lobby and at the parking. There is a lot of confusion at the check. In Also, I have to criticise the cleaning of the room. They always forgot to wash change the glasses 
The hotel design was cold and staff were distant. The exception was a lovely young, hard working man working in the restaurant at breakfast from another country, 
Staff behavior very unpleasant. It was my first time facing this attitude in amsterdam, Always they were friendly. 
The egg selection and taste was poor. 
Quite expensive, but actually everything is expensive in Amsterdam, 
No fridge 
Aircon not working properly old fashioned dated bathroom Sheets were clean, but smelled of chip, fat and vinegar, not what you would expect for a 5 property Expensive to park 29 euro per day and they add a daily service charge for no apparent reason. Service should be included when booking a 5 star hotel 
Never ate breakfast at the hotel Too expensive. 
Plenty of personalised notes in the room, Which is good, But some of those notes felt like a warning rather than a sweet note One. I rem was smtin, abt dear valued guests, Towels r for ur use, while u r staying in the hotel, Almost sounds like the hotel is warning us not to steal the towels, But maybe im reading too much in to No complaints at all. Otherwise, 
We did't try the breakfast. We thought it to expensive and got a sandwich and takeaway coffee around the corner. Instead, 
Busy mornings, you have to wake up early to get the full breakfast. They try to fill the finishing foods, but it may be better for such 4 star hotel 
It was nice that the items in the minibar were free, but I wish there was free water in the room rather than free, Fanta. 
I'M not sure if this is a hotel, it gives more a hostel feeling. I'Ve stayed in Amsterdam a few times before 4 hotels and I'm struggling to understand that this would meet 4 accommodation. 
Think the courtyard could do with a brighten up its, not very welcoming 
Darkness and lighting 
Didn'T get the IHG upgrade, which was disappointing, as i only found out when checking in 
The pool is really small. I think the picture on the website is misleading, Rooftop bar nice. Shame you have to phone to get a drink and then wait a while for someone to actually get your order. 
Safe in room didn't work; no instructions on how to use coffee machine in room; 
There was a party with loud music going on after midnight, within the hotel that we weren't warned about, and as this was a Thursday not a weekend, we felt that to go on so late wasn't appreciated when we had a very early start, which was the whole Reason for using a hotel so near the railway station 
Nothing 
Toilet on my room when I stayed was terrible, smelly, 
The finish in the room wasn't great pieces of metal around edging could've hurt if caught on foot TV wasn't great only had 5 6 clear channels. Rest were covered in white noises. 
We didn't receive any information about our spa package that was included. 
Nothing 
No tooth paste 
I think it was a little on the expensive side, even with the special offer, particularly as the hotel doesn't have a pool. However, considering we travelled in July, that's probably to be expected. 
Swimming pool is a little small and the space on the roof. Terrace is a bit small for all the people there. 
Noisy kids in the room next door Up at 5am every morning, 
To be honest, we loved this accommodation we traveled as a family of 4 mum dad 12 year old son and 18 year old daughter, and we had to havre 2 suites, which was abit of a shame. 
The deal turned out to be too expensive. Everything was extra, Bottled water, etc, better to stay in El, Born where it looks like the true Barcelona and only come to hotel indigo section. If you want to shop, expensive stores and be charged 4 times as much for everything, 
Lighting in bathroom could have been brighter. Some of the breakfast staff, whilst being efficient, could have done with more people. Skills last day was disappointing when it took 45 mins. For my order of 1 poached egg 
No real lobby and no chairs in the room, 
Fire drill on the Sunday morning was a bit of a nightmare. We did not get told what was going on. My friend was in the shower at the time I was in my pyjamas. We both rushed out into the street. There did not seem to be anyone in charge. If someone had checked us off a list, we could have gone for a coffee or a sit down in a caf. I really appreciate fire drill have to be done and I am really glad they are but more organisation. Next time. Please 
Breakfast was ok but REALLY expensive and overpriced. If you take a walk behind the neighborhood, there are plenty of much cheaper options to enjoy a breakfast Water for those who drink still. Water is a problem also, as you can only have it really overpriced again from the fridge machine opposite the reception One night we got back to the hotel late in the evening. The machine did not have any still water bottles and staff told us there wouldn't be any until next day We tried sparkling, but it made us more thirsty. So if you are staying at the hotel, always have your still water with you 
The last night we received no towels and when we requested some, we were told they didn't have any 
Access from the airport I arrived the night of a taxi strike. 
The restaurants were closed in spite of the Hotel marterial descriped that they were open. 
Hotel was fine, 
The second day at the hotel was the start of the weekend, and the staff were really busy during breakfast and it was hard to get anyone's attention At the time of registration. It would be great if the staff gave us some brochures maps about the city as we did not receive any from the receptions staff. 
No complaints whatsoever, 
Breakfast should have been included for the price, considering the location of hotel 
Everything was wonderful, 
Some rooms don't have a view. 
Shower space was a bit cramped, mainly due to it being somewhat narrow. 
Some parts of the hotel show their age like the room, telephones and the lift 
The hotel is within walking distance of the City's landmarks, but it was still on the verge of the tourist area, so people that are not accustomed to walking better use bikes available at the hotel. I wouldn't recommend the top floor. It feels a little like servants quarters and I guess it once was 
The hostess on the evening shift was not nice. Unfortunately, one blanket cover was dirty and the hostess said that maybe we are responsible, We explained that the dirt was dry and old. Only then she replaced the blanket cover and said she is sorry Old, room, decor and disappointing compared to the pictures on the site. The bathroom is very small and not modern. On the table in the room was a small bottle of water with 4 Euros written on it Too bad. They did not attach a note with a more pleasant explanation. 
Ordinary staff, 7 euro service charge on room service was ridiculous and unprecedented. 
All the rest, quite a disaster pillow with stains in the room, No minibar for a Euro 336 rate per night. That came as a surprise, No room service, No possibility to purchase any food in the late evening rather inconvenient for somebody staying there to attend a concert at the Arena. 
It was totally overpriced. We paid the price for a 5 star hotel and didn't get much for that. I guess it was because we booked one of the last two rooms available and because there was a concert at the same time, It also seemed that it hadn't been cleaned properly. A lot of hair that was not mine was still lying around in the bathroom 
The menu was clearly displayed in the lift available 24 7. So we had decided what to have only to be told that there was only a lesser menu with very little choice because U2 we're on at the stadium, and it will be busy not a good enough. Excuse, if you have so many rooms, you should be able to cater as advertised 
Room was supposed to be ready for 15 00. We had a plane delay, meaning we didn't arrive until 17 00. We checked in and found the room they had given us hadn't even been made up so returned to reception to get another one. We had to wait. Another 20 minutes for a room to be made up, so that was frustrating, especially as the gates at the Arena to see our concert opened. At 17, 00 Staff were efficient in sorting it out, though. 
Our room had a door with a malfunction. It smelled really nasty and moisty. We saw this the day before we left due to heavy rain Very unfortunate, but the place overall was great. 
No shower bath gel in bathroom, so you have to bring or buy your own. The shower tap for hot cold water took a bit time to figure out how to use it properly. The bathroom got wet after taking showing due to the lack of a door or curtain for the shower tub. 
I had to leave one day earlier and I have communicated to one lady at the reception desk that we needed to leave earlier. But on the day we left the other lady on the check out, didn't now anything about it and when we asked to the other one, she simply said that she could not remember But anyways. This one said that they wouldn't charge for the room, which was very nice. I would stay there again in my next time. Do AMS 
No coffe making facilities 
There is nothing bad to say from my view, but some people may find the rooms dont live up to the same funky style as the hotel reception. Also, the location may not suit people who prefer being in the city centre, surrounded by various amenities. 
The lack of a pool - maybe Not much more, I can say 
Lack of local amenities, the hotel is quite isolated. 
Slow lifts Far from public transport, 
The windows barely opened only a Very little. The drains did not clear properly the neon lights from buildings. Next door flooded, our room, The bed and bathroom were clean, but the rest was VERY dusty and needed a good spring. Clean 
The wifi was horrible, 
Maybe the breakfast area is not too big: 
No air condition It was 30 degrees in the room And normal July waether. Just a fan. 
None 
A little far off and in a too quiet area, but a walking distance to the metro Staff in the day was helping, but staff at night sounded annoyed. When I asked help to turn on the AC, He asked to come in an hour later, but it was 12am and I needed to sleep so he came disgruntledly 
The staff wasn't nice at all, The hotel is noisy, you can hear your neighbours, The confort is basic and the room wasn't clean. It doesn't worth 4 stars. The price is very high when there is a show at the ArenA. 
The price was very high because there was a concert in the Arena and a event in the city. Breakfast was good, but not excellent. 
It was all good 
Staff, not very friendly, Not a nice place to spend time. 
There was nothing I didn't like 
View from window overlooking the nightclub, not very family, freindly 
The classic rooms are quite small for a 4 star hotel. The pillows were very flat. You need at least 2 to sleep with Mini bar stock was limited Overall, the hotel felt quite standard, nothing special 
Cleanliness Rooms 
Only one iron for the whole hotel, which was located off reception, wasn't ideal with, given the hotel was busy for a conference. 
Stairs in corridors 
The rooms had poor isolation and, in my honest opinion, not the standard I usually get in a 4 hotel. It wasn't 20m2 like in the ad here on booking and the rug in the room wasn't very fresh 
Rooms are very extra small, barely fit 1 person. 
We could hear some sound from the subway, but it was not annoying or disruptive And my wife is a light sleeper. 
It was very loud outside of my room and the windows did not keep the noise out. 
Food at the restaurant was not as good as I expected. 
Standard Rooms are very small and I don't suggest for anybody. Some staff were not friendly at all. 
Terrible WiFi, Poor water pressure, Overpriced 
Although within walking distance to the Duomo, the hotels location felt out of the way and there was a lack of restaurants at night in the immediate area, There was a major construction site just outside the entrance to the hotel, not the hotels fault. At the time of our stay, We requested a change of rooms due to a very squeaky bed. Surely other people must have complained about? It Would consider other hotels if we were to return to Milan 
Very bad WiFi, expensive 
No service at room, no lunch and dinner at hotel, 
A rooftop pool 
The rooms were very basic and our room had two single beds in it pushed together instead of a double bed. 
The rooms to small and l bock with breakfasts and his not given to us 
The price 
I attempted to have a car and driver pick us up on our arrival, but to whom ever I communicated seemed to think I wanted some sort of airport shuttle. I arranged it on my own 
Very unfriendly staff at check in and when we asked for some help. 
Sadly, important hotel functions have been missed. My pillows were of such a poor quality and there were no black out curtains, making my sleeping experience disappointing 
Nothing really everything was very nice and a very good price. I ended up staying an extra night and they honored the price I booked my room from booking com. 
The view could have been better, but I would hardly say that is there fault? I was really impressed over all 
Beds were quite hard for my liking. 
We had to complain about my daughters, mattress, you could feel the springs sticking out of it. They did bring a better one. The rooms are very small, and the balcony has no seats. 
Nothing 
We booked for a room with a double bed. They attached two single beds and made it look as a double bed. 
Nothing for this type of hotel 3, Perhaps not very attractive neighborhood 
Slightly high prices at the bar and odd smell, initially in room and slight amount of mold in the bath. Also, we couldn't find the movies on the tv 
Breakfast was a bit poor. 
No pool 
Lifts were slow, 
The staff are so rude Totally, not a 5 star treatment. They didn't care about ur comfort as much as money. They blocked an amount on my credit card without my authorization, even though I paid everything in advice and told them to never use my credit card, but they said that they calculated the room price wrong, so they had to block an amount without my authorization. So so so, cheap and rude I've never experienced such poor treatment in a 5 star hotel Hated it never again. 
Nothing 
Restaurant in the hotel could be better other than that great hotel. 
Availability of refreshments, no mini bar 
The Wifi is slooowww, 
Not very good Internet 
Not enough beds by the rooftop pool 
Take care the hotel brings you to a very old dirty and worn out room. If you do not complain, it is up to you. If you complain, you are offered a better room still with problems. 
Beds were a little hard for our taste, But that is just personal preference. 
The standard double room, very small and the bed very narow 
The additional extortionate charges for breakfast 
Pillows noise from outside no heating, 
Nothing everything was great. 
Ok, 
Hotel rooms poor for the price 
Breakfast too expensive needs a comfy bar or lounge with some atmosphere. 
No in room safe noise traveled within the hotel, 
Rooms little bit small, there was no boiling kettle Noisy from the street and neighbors 
It is extremely frustrating the long waiting line at the entrance to the breakfast room. They have to find a more simply way to check the identity of the guests and to know which one has the breakfast included or not. In addition, if you are unlucky to have one or two persons who have to pay for the breakfast on spot, it is a nightmare. It takes several minutes for the bills to be printed and signed. 
Room wasnt effectively clean could've done better 
The shower was pointed so it sprayed right out and all over the floor we had to shower in the corner to keep the bathroom frok flooding. Also, we could not adjust the room tempature for some reason and it was very warm in the room. Thankfully, we coukd open the door and let a breeze in 
Hotel was a little to far from city centre, although there was a bus stop close by 
Far from the city centre, also with public transfer, it takes long to get into the city. 
Some memeber of staff were extremely rude and unhelpful, Not happy. 
Payment for the parking that is outside 
Breakfast was expensive and extra to the rate. 
A bit expensive for what it offers: no extra facilites like a gym or a swimming pool. 
Not sure what to say here, since it is mixed feeling for my group, The hotel is 15 min walk away from La Rambla, which is fine for me, but the rest of my family felt it is far from the tourist attractions. Hotel is few meters away from the underground train and get you everywhere within short time. If back in Barcelona will definitely use again. 
1, The manager attitude 2. I have booked a big room for two adults and two children, but they gave me a room at 11th floor directly beneath the restaurant kitchens room 108, which was too noisy till 12 30am and starting from 6am. They have offered me another older and smaller room with smaller bed for kids. After 3 nights 3. I have booked a park and received an email from preporty that as a gesture, it would be free of charge, but while check out, they have charged me and informed me that booking com sent you the email and not us 5. They have changed and amend my invoice 5 times, as I noticed that they have charged me for things which I didn't use, such as daily breakfast for 6 ppl Mini bar 
Rooms are rather small, Wouldnt suggest this hotel for a large person. 
Air condition AC Battop shower water is sometime called and hot same time. 
Bathroom, not in good condition, steps from the mezz, the bed very dangerous. No one has replied to my email. 
Nothing 
The only complaint i do have is that I think that paying for the beds on the pool terrace is very poor and very limited. This should be a standard on any pool side, as is the case in all hotels. I'Ve been to all over the world, especially that its only an adults hotel, which means there should be no damage to them. Besides, wear and tear 
Swiming pool and bar service are close at 8pm, so you don't have proper place to chill out after a long day out. Jacuzzy and Gym are in 2 floor really isoleted an close to the parking area For an hotel that advertise to be properly for adult people. Only it does not offer the services that you would expect to spent your days in a proper space in where you can relax comfortable 
Tea coffee making facilities in the room would have made our stay, go from very good to excellent 
Nothing 
The pool on the rooftop is rather small. 
Anything 
Automatic sensor for lights would switch the lights on upon detecting the minimum movement, making it very annoying while trying to sleep waiting for the elevator to come. Rooftop terrace hours and private events. 
Wish there was a 24 7 restaurant 
N, A 
Both pools close at 8pm, which was really disappointing. 
The room did not have complimentary coffee, but did have a wide range of drinks and eats in the minibar 
Worn out feeling Very old fashioned, decor 
None 
The restaurant was too small to accommodate all the guests. The food was put out in small inadequate quantities. I appreciate they are trying to manage waste, but they go too far. Dinner was like feeding time at the zoo. It promotes greed. 
I travel to Milan. Every week I have tried many hotels. This hotel was OK, The tourist were tourists, given the location, it is quite touristy. The breakfast was worth a look. However, I recommend you avoid the orange juice, Not sure what the machine thinks it is doing, but it really isn't orange juice, not even close, Go Water or Coffee Dinner. Well, If i was on holiday and had my family, we could eat It, wasn't so bad, Nothing! There, for me, after a long day in the office 
Nothing 
Everything was perfect, 
Nothing 
Second day, breakfast was not so well set as the first one. It was quite short in cold cuts and breads, Despite being there at the same time, on both 9 45 
We found the majority of the staff here rather rude and indifferent. For the most part, It was like pulling teeth to try and get answers and directions for anything. It always seemed like I was bothering them whenever I asked most of the staff. Anything Alex on the rooftop bar was lovely and attentive, though, as was the one receptionist with long dark hair, whose name I unfortunately didn't get. She was helpful to all guests. She interacted with Breakfast was ok overall, but nothing stood out. The room never felt cool enough, but was passable. If you enjoy a really cold room to sleep in at night. I would reconsider, Especially during these blazing summer months. Otherwise, I will not come back and will not recommend the place to anyone. 
I didnt understand if we could use Playstation contents from fridge, etc. 
Front desk staff were mostly pretty hopeless, Requested on site parking, but told to go elsewhere for 27 day. Then, given incorrect map to parking After returning staff acknowledged bad map, then given new incorrect location After over an hour, I found spot on street Following day. One knowledgeable employee got me useful info, Come by train or skip this place. 
There was no door installed in the bathroom 
Having to pay city tax, What is this for? 
Because of being close to train station place is not so secure. 
The view of the room 
The hotel should warn people of the pick pocketing in the central clubbing area. We were not warned and all experienced pick pocketing 
Nothing 
The drinks were expensive as exspected 
Renovation, disruptive 
The buffet was very assorted and tasty, but in a small place, 
Nothing even when we mentioned there could be more English breakfast tea bags. They arrived a plenty 
The worst hotel I've experienced My room is next to the executive lounge. So from 6 30 in the morning the noise of opening and closing the door began. That'S terrible! I pay more than 300 for one night. Why did hotel give us a so bad room? 
Bar areas very busy Nowhere to sit and the staff took ages to get to you, 
Room was boiling hot fridge, didn't keep drinks cold 
Grit in the spinach for breakfast unacceptable. It was also the weekend of my girlfriends 40th birthday and i wanted to buy some wine to take up to the room to drink when we got to it. The lady reassured us that there was a little something already in the room for us. When we arrived, we found that there were 2 vouchers for cocktails on the bed, but it wasnt what I had asked for. So we had to either use the mini bar, which didnt have a decent sized bottle of wine in or go back downstairs, which we didnt want to do after we'd just arrived, The restaurant staff were terrible, except the manager with the jacket and blonde hair who actually Seemed like he was working quite hard. There were 2 3 guys who were clearly not interested in serving customers, but were more concerned about looking busy, as they were, obviously under observation by their manager. They had work. Facial expressions feigning concern, but they were very unattentive even after several deliberate attempts to get some kind of service after waiting for too long The evening time came - and i thought id try the restaurant noone to greet me when i arrived, and so i sat at a Vacant table and waited for service noone came. I was then told after id stopped a member of staff that I hadnt been served, because noone knew that iwas there Get your act together. Please I paid almost 800 euros for 2 nights. I feel like ive, been completely ripped off and unless I receive a sincere apology and some degree of compensation for my experience there, I will never ever go there again. 
Nothing 
Small basic room: 
Highly Overpriced small room for 3 ppl, taking into consideration the price 
Expensive for a relatively basic room, Hotel was very busy, though 
Late checkout was supposed to be a genius perk, but they said they knew nothing about it. 
Lack of good size, reception area room cost was expensive, as was breakfast cost. Most staff were pleasant and helpful, but sadly a couple, let the rest down. 
My booking was for two Rooms with canal view, but one of the rooms 208 is much smaller than the other room, and hardly fits for 2 guests and canal was hardly seen from this room, even though I've to pay same price for both rooms, More attention need To be paid to room cleaning to cover dust, removal out of furniture and surfaces and to check if provided towels is free from spots before putting in rooms, Solution need to be made to integrate the sink in private bathroom. 
Could have offered free coffee tea as none in room staff a bit slow. Some people may not like the lack of privacy in bedroom. 
Finding the packaging of a used condom behind the bed from previous tenants of the room did not contribute too well to the impressions. 
Small room don't bring more that one piece luggage Shower and WC in the sleeping room is questionable. 
Cobrarem um credit card fee, 
A balcony would have made it perfect, but the terrace more than made up for it. 
The shower wasn't very powerful, though it did work. Ok, 
Lack of shower acessories, water and poor breakfast 
I expected the pool to be as big as it was in the picture. It'S extremely tiny in person, 
Bathroom needed cleaning 
The bathtub was peeling and scratched The carpet in the room and in the hallway was dusty and old. Looking There was a hair in the bathtub upon arrival. 
There was a taxistrike when we were there As the plane of my girlfried had a delay she couldn't get to the hotel by metro. I was already in the hotel and asked the guy in the lobby for help a driver or somtehing. He wasnt very helpful. 
Bathroom was too small. Room was on first floor with no elevator 
Nil, 
Wi Fi was on the slow side at times, but nothing that bad 
Falta DE BAR 
My friend in a wheelchair could not take a shower the first day, because the chair of the bathroom was unstable. They provided him with a regular chair the following day: 
The glass wall of the bathroom 
Breakfast is f r, too expensive, but there Are good alternativer nearby 
A few of the staff were unfriendly: 
Given the central location near a busy road, there can be noise. The hotel is also illuminated at night until 9 or 10pm and the light might come into your room. However, there are good, shutters and dark curtains that help 
Pool did a little crowded on Sunday afternoon. 
Very good design, hotel, Poorly maintained, smelly rooms as if not used for a long time Bathrooms had no door impossible for children to use Only suitable for a couple. 
Every extra costs like late check out or a room with a view towards the Sagrada I've found that the room is cold, an that a c is so strong, even in low settings. 
Na 
In the room, there was a leaflet promoting a restaurant nearby which was recommended by the receptionist and unfortunately, it wasn't as expected, not tasty dishes for their price. 
Bathroom could have been cleaner, 
I sure wish that I had known the Radisson Airport IS ALSO CALLED RADISSON, BLU Everything I saw only showed Radisson Airport and then Radisson Blu was the downtown hotel. Well, we were told to take the free airport shuttle to get to the Radisson Blu hotel. We waited nearly 45 minutes after an exhausting flight took it and when we got off, I knew immediately were in the wrong place. Of course, the two hotels don't coordinate when this happens, and apparently it happens often, so we then had to pay a 75 Euro taxi ride to get to our hotel Ridiculous. Our first few hours in Amsterdam was a mess because of this It should be made obvious that both hotels are called Radisson BLU 
The internet was slow at a point. 
It'S the second time I stay in this hotel. You really need to put carpets on the corridors as it is very noisy and disturbing to hear the other guests walking on the corridors and dragging their suitcases on that wooden like floor. I really consider not staying there again because of the noise, Otherwise it would be really nice. 
Let me think 
The air conditioner was a heater and the staff was not humble and they were extremely rude and one of the most pathetic and uncomfortable experience ever will not recommend HOTEL ESPANA ever 
Check out at 11 am is a bit exagerated. 
Our room was on the noisy street. We had trouble sleeping 
I did not like some people at the reception If it was a USA, they wouldn't work there anymore, not very polite. 
There was no Evening Dinner menu, so we had to have pizzas 
Drinks at breakfast was slow. They need to get an automatic coffee machine. 
Although the building looks majestic on the outside, the inner hallways on the higher floors could use some renovation, old, carpets, walls and ceilings need a freshen up. The wooden floors expecially in the hallways, are quite squeaky. Our room was in decent shape, but had no airconditioning a fan was provided, though We stayed during a 30 degree celcius period, so the room was rather warm and hard to ventilate because of the small single window. 
There was mold in the bathroom and it didn't have cabin shower. 
Very useless tables they have in the rooms 
The value for this type of property was very poor. 
Only thing I didn't like that water kept changing temperature in the shower 
Centre of Vienna a little bit far away Parking 29E a day. 
Restaurant closed on Sat Sunday evening, 
Shouldn'T Charge any early check in fee if a room already available 
Don'T believe these nice pictures of the rooms, the rooms do, need cosmetic repair, Too old windows. Our shower hose had several leaking holes. Also, the showering protecting water glass was useless. We had to put towels to keep our bathroom floor dry. Our room was said to be a non smoking room, but the smell in it proved that sometimes some earlier guests before us had smoked there and therefor the air, refreshing spray and the walls and curtains full with cigarette smoke now was a terribly smelly combination. Also, every day we found several long dark hair on the floor in our room and bathroom For such a high price. The room comfort was 3 10 
I would have expected more from a 5 star hotel, especially at the price I paid. The room was significantly small appliances were generally outdated. I hadn't seen a CRT TV since quite some time. The furniture finishing looked very strange and, in general, didn't seem to match the room style. I don't know about the other rooms, but mine had a window in the hotel's facade. All I got to see is a bank on the other side of the road. I'D have closed an eye on this, but Breakfast, although varied, only offered a mostly international selection of foods, I couldn't spot anything Austrian Viennese, All in all, I'm quite critical, because I've had better service in the past with cheaper 4 star hotels, This one hotel didn't make It up to or exceed my expectations, which is the point of a 5 star hotel 
The bar in the main lounge was closed for July and August 
Expensive food weird shower facing the bed lack of privacy, if that was important, not able to just have one night light on 
The rooms dont have normal windows to open for outside 
No view through the window, 
Nothing 
Price change from original booking on website; 
Well, prices are high in London, so we got a small double room. It should really be just a single. It was a lovely little room, but just too small for two people, 
The hotel is far away from the city centre, taking long time to reach the main attractions Communication between rooms, not working After a fire alarm at 3 30 AM there was NO announcement that there was a false alarm. In fact, there was NO announcement at all which raises concerns about safety. 
Nothing to add 
The room and the treatment 
Everything was excellent: 
The sink in the shower was blocked. We need to wait 1 hour between each shower because the water level was too high. 
The property is very dingy. The floor lobby is very dark and shady we had 4 rooms, including one suite and none faced outside. So there was limited external light. It was facing the internal atrium. The rooms were very small and in the endeavour to make it contemporary and modern, some basics and warmth were missing. The only highlight would be location, they have a nice bar on the top floor, but overall for the price wouldn't recommend. 
The lobby was on the 6th floor. It was not convenient. 
Food and drinks were pricey in the hotel. 
Be careful about the superior view facing rooms being advertised, They are very small with a queen bed and if, u r carrying 2 to 3 pieces of luggage, just not enough space, I had to change my room once i saw them which costed me more 
Air conditioning didn't seem to work Was very hot and stuffy 
It could of had a better cafe with light lunches like quick meals and the bar could of had a better selection for dinner. 
I contacted on 2 occasions that we needed the bus transfer from the airport. We waited an hour in the cold and rain for their bus, which did not turn up, So we had to catch a taxi which cost us 55euros 
Nothing 
El gift shop, dentro del lobby, 
Very Smelly room Very expensive car park 15 for two pints of Heineken Too expensive. 
Water only provided on arrival would be good to have a bottle provided everyday 
The bikies You have to be careful, They think the bikies are the king on the street. Not just pedestrian has to give away to them. Even the cars has to give away to them and also there's path way for bikies, but they still ride the bikes wherever they want. So annoying 
Dirty floor every day in the room, 
The breakfast was overpriced, 
I was expecting maybe a little more for the price, but i guess this is a general issue of the hotels in Vienna. Room was dark and view was on the back on the inside ring of the building with view to other windows. 
The 500 Euro. Fine, if the smoke alarm goes off, apparently very sensitive, makes you actually afraid to cook, which is a shame. No wonder the kitchen is so immaculate. It'S probably never been used. The mattress was quite hard, But that is the trade off from it being able to fold away and for a sofa to be usable for receiving guests. I assume 
Barcelona is incredibly full during vacation periods. 
Pool was pretty small and no toilet facilities by pool which meant going down seven floors to use them. 
I ordered a pizza from room service expecting a home made pizza, considering the price was 11 roughly and got a pizza clearly from a box and was burnt. I ordered a goat cheese salad, which was said to have pine nuts and grilled zucchini, which didn't have either of them Was ripped off and over priced 
Small rooms and for 4 stars hotel. They should have at least slippers in room 
The elevators are small and there's no pool 
Transit was a little noisy front of the hotel 
Old forniture 
All i thought, after viewing the photos of the property that they have Jacuzzi to relax. I paid extra 15 for the sala fitness only to find out that there is none. 
Nothing special 
Not a lot restaurants around 
The trains were very noisy at night. 
Minor issues only as 1 out of 5 rooms were not ready till after 5pm A bit longer than expected, walk to train station. A pool would make it perfect. 10 for us, as we had 7 kids in our party, 
In the first night and we came very late - we got room 1025. In the first floor. It was a bit stinky at the bathroom, had no key, but only the emergency card and was not so clean, But we asked to change it and immediately. It was change to room number 526, which was really excellent. 
Everything was perfect, 
The door to the toilet was not possibly to close, which made it uncomfortable to use the toilet 4 stars. Hotel must have kettle and tea in the rooms, but here they give a kettle on request. After few calls to the reception 
Shower not private 
The breakfast was oke, I excpected it a bit better for a 4 star hotel. The staff had a little bit problem with organisation during breakfast. The parking place are very small, but oke 
The room really wasn't like the picture, Not sure where that was, but I assure you all, I didn't see that The lifts were annoyingly slow. The room cards were annoyingly unpredictable. I had an awesome view from my room of a fire escape if you like that sort of thing. 
The ONE LADY IN BREAKFAST AREA WAS LIKE A MATRON AND SUSPICIOUS OF US TAKING FOOD CAUSE ON THE FIRST DAY. I DID NOT KNOW I COULD NOT TAKE A MUFFIN WITH ME OUT OF BREAKFAST AREA. The MARBLE POLISHER DRILLER WAS A BIT OF AN IRRITATING ONE. 2 DAYS WORKING OUTSIDE OUR DOOR, THE TV HAD NO ENGLISH CHANNELS WORKING AND THE TECHNICIAN SENT WAS NOT KNOWING HIS JOB. So NEVER GOT TV TO WATCH ENGLISH, BBC, CNN NEWS OR SPORT. 
Room was a little small and noisy housekeeping kept their trolley outside the room, so we were woken a few times by their chatter in the mornings. 
The only thing we can complain about is that they wrote that they cared for the environment but still removed a soap that had just been opened and could have been used for several more days. 
Unfortunately, in of the room 235 kettle did not work at all and sink did not work properly. Also was a bit disappointed that, during check in reception operator, asked me if I like, to have a breakfast as it was not included in our room rate, and I indicated that I need only for one day. However, at check out in automatically counted for two days. So I had to prove that we did not have breakfast. What is the point to ask if we like to have breakfast if it is counted anyway? 
Breakfast personal was not enough. Vegetables was missing, 
Breakfast was a disappointment for us. 
You had to pay for ironing ridiculous, the fact they don't have a iron in the room due to health and safety reasons. 
I was very disappointed with one thing. In particular, I have requested a small extra. As we were celebrating my partner's birthday. It could have been anything i e a birthday card. Note, chocolate bottle of wine. Anything would have made a big difference. I have worked in tourism for several years and I have never come across a hotel that failed to provide even the smallest gesture Bed. Lamps. Not working Bed, was squeaking Speaker in the bathroom, not working. I was charged twice on my stay One time from the Credit Card used to make the booking and another time when checking out, as I opted to use another card to pay for my full stay. It is not what one would expect in a competitive accommodation market like Milan Would not book again. 
The shower wasn't good and the bathroom was quite dated very dated The decor itself. I'D say was bordering on dated too, but that is of course down to opinion. 
Cleaning in the corridor started early and the room is not very well sound insulated As it was the weekend and we wanted to sleep late beyond 9. Am that was a bit disturbing. 
The room and the bathroom very small, no balcony, 
A liitle bit far from the center, but there is a direct metro line: nearby 20m 
Not that I can think of, if ever we will stay in Milano. This is the place lot better than the Star Hotel. We stayed in Bologna, 
Everything was splendid, 
Too many people in the breakfast restaurant far from city center 
Nothing 
Most of it, 
All the staff are completely rude. I arrived and had to take my own bags to my room, which the reception staff told me the wrong floor. I gave them the benefit of the doubt they were having a off day so the next day. I asked what was the easiest way and which tram or train to catch, to get to the Duomo, and they suggested a taxi or the underground. And when I asked in which direction the undergound was they eyerolled and then told me Third day, I asked if they could ring me a taxi, as I was going to Navigli district and still hadn't understood how the metro underground. So I thought I would get a taxi. The staff didn't know. I spoke italian also and made a comment about me, which I replied and they were very stunned for a 4 star Hotel. I have had better and nicer service in 2, star Hotels, 
Nothing 
It is good hotel, but nothing. Special Bath is plastic room. Quite small 
It was under renovation and the non renovated rooms were not properly maintained, door lock, missing, shower glass, partition, unstable, Also, the dark fire escape stairway and its unsurveiled access to the street in a not so safe area caused concern. One night we even had someone trying to get into our room: guest worker lost soul. Who knows 
No shuttle service to airport Expensive, fixed rate of 95 euros by taxi or private car to airport that can be arrange by the hotel, Not a lot of open places. Shops restaurants around the hotel area, 
The staff at the reception during my checkout were not that helpful and kind, Probably because I was a bit late on the scheduled checkout, I felt they were upset Overall. It was a great experience, though. 
Nothing 
The worst experience we have ever had in a 4 starts hotel, Bad WIFI. It lost connection every now and then Not tidy room. First night there was a roach in the room. Then we had to change to another one Water leak from air condition. 
Breakfast was OK, but the coffee was bad from an automate, but it was possible to ask for a real cup of coffee. 
Had to ask for a one time use toothbrush from the staff. There was no in the bathroom which is expected when you stay at 4. 
Arrived at the hotel at 14 00 for check in, but our suite was not available until 17. 30. Very bad managed by the reception staff Me and the family had to sit and wait at the hotel for 3 1 2 hours to get our room with. Only a excuse as compensation Hotel, concierge, later offered a fruit basket, which at least the kids loved 
Room is quite small: the window is blocked, so there's not enough air be aware that 5 per person will be charged additionally to your booking travel tax. Wi fi was sometimes poor. 
There was no parking available at the hotel for some reason, but should be as says my reservation. We had to change our room because it was too small, not remodeled. The Personnel was very customer oriented and gave us a better option. 
There are not many power plugs on the wall, We were three, but there are only two in our room. 
Breakfast wasn't as I expected: It was a medium to poor breakfast with not many options. Bathroom could use a better clean and lot of 4 hotel. Things were missing. Like cotton, buds, small hygenic bags a sewing kit Under the minibar furniture. There was a lot of dust. 
Room for a couple and baby do tight should have had bigger room, should have European channels kettle in room 
Location 
Room was way too small, Noisy, Not an enjoyable stay. 
Would like to have the Jacuzzi hot tub area open all hours they closed at 10 or 11pm. Sometimes, when you come back from dinner or going out, it is nice to relax in the hot tub or take a midnight swim. 
Our appartment had leaks through the windows and ceiling. The staff is terrible. They weren't able to help us or even consider our problem, wouldn't return. 
No air conditioner 
Maybe slovak TV programs will bw suitable 
Basement room 
I could have wished for a little more space in the double room. 
Room was hot aircon, not working, so a fan was used. Instead, The window remained open all weekend to cool room down. Luckily, it wasn't hot outside 
I first didn't like the smell of the room. Maybe they use a kind of medicine to clean, but it would be nicer if they put a freshener 
Our room wasn't cleaned during our 2 night stay. The rooms were quite literally dorms, which I didn't fully realize before hand, not sure I would have stayed there, knowing that 
Extremely basic dorm style rooms with no facilities whatsoever Had to run downstairs to reception, to get a hairdryer and there wasn't even a bottle of water in the room. Checking in there was no one at reception and once a person finally came, they spent 10 mins in haggling about prices with another customer. Meanwhile, the rest of us were kept waiting, Really unprofessional Air con struggled to work and was impossible to adjust. So room was stuffy and hot. This is a very overrated hotel. They seem to think that cool interiors are substitute to good service. 
For this is not 4 stal hotel, it looks like old, dormitory remade to the hotel 
Bit noisy at night Room rather dark 
The bed in the room 2205 was very uncomfortable for a king bed. The mattess needs to be a lot thicker, as there was a huge lump in the middle 
It was a nice hotel, not the best. I have stayed in taking an extra 50 on check in as a deposit was very different, as this was not stated that this would happen, then you get it back if all ok uo to 3 days after check out 
Very, very small and cramped Only one person in the bathroom at a time 
Hotel, although very good comfortable, it does need updating, carpets, showing signs of wear etc. 
Your question on who travel with I have a wife, not a partner. Please add spouse to options in that section. 
Views from windows Always ask for rooms with the view on Main Street, Otherwise will get noisy neighbors and some kind of warehouse that starts business 6. 00 in the morning. 
Location next to Queensway all restaurants, 2Tube stations, 
The room was small, 
Breakfast staff, chaotic, but friendly Just needs a little organisation. 
Wardrobe was very difficult to get too 
None 
Nothing 
The bathroom floor wasn't as clean as it might have been, but this was a minor point. 
A little noisy 
The elevators was not working, 
The breakfast was only continental and they asked for extra 12 pounds for hot breakfast. 
The property was nice and comfortable, However, being a 4 star hotel, there was no concierge facilty, which was a big disappointment. 
Lift 
The breakfast was standard could be in a 2 star hotel. The room was very small, with no place to lay things on. Although it was a Club room, The hotel needs complete renovation to keep a 4 star standard. 
No food available at the roof top bar 
Could do with a spruce up to be totally up to date, Given it's location, however, this would definitely take it out of this price range. 
Nothing 
Just a couple of things to note with our stay They mentioned that breakfast was served at 7am. However, much of the hot food wasn't out until gone 8am and we had to leave very early. This isn't a bad thing, but we felt that we missed out on more of the included breakfast. I requested a bottle of wine to be left on our bedside during our stay, but on our arrival it wasn't there again not a major thing, but I think they just forgot. 
None 
Wifi was very, very poor. 
Wifi, No response to request for kettle and no kettle: pillows lumpy mattress, noisy corridors at night, inconvenient, room cleaning times, 4PM Staff entering room without first knocking Loo on incredibly small side. 
The photos online were a little deceptive. The decor, the furniture in the room was dated, which wasn't what I expected a bit disappointing. Having said that, the bed was extremely comfortable. The suite was spacious, Hey darling, not going away this wknd. Now. Can u Court come up? Sat 4: the nite 
A bit smelly need to improve shower facility as it's a bit slippery and water pressure was not good, though the bathroom is very large. 
Not very clean Many aging details: maintenance is not very good. 
The bathrooms are poorly renovated, the materials specially tiles and shower 
The staff 
Room is too small: 
Bad customer service and management - I leave note about my parents - can't live underground room breath issue, but they don't care. I come here morning told them again the morning staff confirm one is underground and other one is upstairs. I accepted. I just got one underground key cards, because this staff told me other one clear, not finished. I understand and paid money, But when I come back the night staff told me just two underground rooms. She said she don't know, I don't have any evidences CCTV, no voice. No any manager in here no people have responsible for this kind of problem. I don't understand how your hotel operate. No anyone can give solution when your staff have problems. 
We tried unsuccessfully, to have a drink in the bar very slow service. No draught beer ended up going elsewhere. Nearby 
Nothing 
The staff wasn't friendly and helpful spicily the houseciping. They were not clean up the rooms. Nice 
Free Wifi was not so fast, lift was small, 
The double bed was two twin beds put together, so the seam in the middle of the two mattresses was a bit uncomfortable. 
Having to leave 
Having service charge on a coffee that i went up, tp order myself, 
One of the male check in staff on the night shift was not welcoming and a bit rude. The bathroom needs some renovations as the toilet water takes ages to fill up again after a single flush, The TV was outdated. 
Our room was a little small and there is no lift 
The only let down was the service On check in our luggage was lost and we had to go identity it Then we were then short. A bathrobe that never came Same thing happened with our request for an iron We enjoyed our stay, but for the price service should be on point. 
It stated there was parking on website which was not correct and coming there, unloading and checking in was harassed by the police for parking right in front by the door on private property. He wanted to ticket us in a foreign car And when we tried to park on the street, both meters on this actual street are broken and didnt work. Then, upon departure again moved the car out front, check out and load the bags in the car theres. Many since were on a long trip and the police put a ticket on our car. The woman at the front desk went out to speak to them and it seemed pointless, but she said they said to tear it up, so she did, But I do hope our rental car co in Spain doesn't receive this ticket and we get charged for this. So, besides this and not having a luggage trolley, everything inside the hotel was the best ever 
Breakfast was not thought for people who dont eat. Pork breakfast hall was always full. We had to be escorted to another breakfast lounge 
Some of the drunks hanging around outside near to station 
Nothing 
View from room was of the road, but that was the location, so not much could be done. 
No bar service in the terrace garden, dirty old gym beds are hard. No airco, nice building, put poorly managed Could have been turned into something wonderfull 
Breakfast was poor rooms, run down, decor old and outdated 
Lobby and facilities 
Entrance is not clear: 
Little bit grubby, Really noisy pipework in attic room, Air con didn't work well and you can't open windows. So a little stuffy, Our blind was broken. Light bulbs out Stains on the throw on the bed Window, sill was really mouldy, etc. The place needs some love and attention. 
The hotel is undergoing refurbishment, So the entrance is not very inviting. Reception area was quite small. 
I stayed earlier this year, Jan 17, and was delighted with the room I stayed in. Hence I made a return visit. However, on this ocassion I was very disappointed with condition of the room. Clearly, the hotel is in the process of renovation. The building works did not disrupt my stay. However, the rate I paid for the poor condition of the room was not value for money. 
The noise from the carnival was very annoying No separate shower. 
Nothing 
Construction on the hotel building was loud, but it's clearly temporary, renovating 
Service of front desk staff, mixed Cramped lobby area, 
The coffee machine only giving part measures and the television remote did not work. It appears it was the wrong one. It took quite a while to sort 
The double bed that I had to share with my mate. Yes, we were travelling together, not as a couple The complimentary breakfast on the last night sort of made up for it, though I've had worse in Paris, though don't let this review put you off. 
I liked everything 
Lack of bathroom mechanical ventilation, 
Mouse in the breakfast area, 
Hard bed 
Specific room had an uncomfortable layout separating toilets from bathroom The bath had poor design, causing the bathroom floor to get flooded with every shower Amenities, like shampoo, were not restocked for 3 days. 
Roof top bar security bit officious, but bar staff compensated that 
No restaurant or bar on the premises Did not restock the mini bar and was not a lot in it. To begin with, Night manager seemed a little less understanding of English, so came across as less helpful. 
Nothing 
Coffee in the room could have been a little more generous, more milks, etc. Probably could have got them, but did not ask 
No negative points: 
Towels were not reused even though left hanging up aircon was set to really cold each day by room service. 
Elevator too slow Addition of 2nd elevator would be ideal. 
Nothing 
The door of room is a bit heavy 
The lift was not the standard lift for the 4 stars hotel, The wheelchair couldn't enter the lift easily and also the corridors also are not designed for the wheelchair and the breakfast. It is not good for the hotel to charge the clients for some extra items like eggs and 
Walls are a bit thin and rooms aren't huge 
The wifi in the hotel is catastrophic, Its very slow and most of the time is not working. 
Wifi reception in the room was spotty and cut off. Ofte n 
Our shower flooded the entire bathroom floor. Every time it was used and we had to use a mop for it after use, because we had a wheelchair, accessible room. The sink in our room was very small and water would splash out onto the floor. There was construction work right outside our room, which was very noisy early in the morning. 
The room was one of the smallest. I have ever had Everything small bed, pillows towels, No room for a chair, so nowhere to sit except on the bed with knees almost against the wall. The shower room was really tiny, Not even roomy enough to dry ourselves. After showering Storage space, very small, also 
Way too small felt was sleeping in the closet. 
Room kind of cramped, 
There is a construction site right next to the hotel and they start working at 7 30am, A bit annoying 
The breakfast service was an utter joke. At 14 per head, we had to ask for milk, juice ran out of apple plates and fruit, salad, The service appeared disorganized and what we got was very poor value for money. 
Very little, although air conditioning would have been good to have 
As we tried out packing very light, we planned on washing our clothing a few times. A towel heater helped us so much while we visited Paris for a few days in between our days at your hotel. I know it's a luxury, but without one at your hotel. It took days for our clothes to dry. One day we asked the maid to come back in a little bit since we were almost ready to go out for the day, but she never did And another day she never came at all. But we chose not to report it and get someone in trouble. 
The hotel overall requires an update furniture is old and seen better days. The bathroom was very small and badly stained bath. I e soap, scum, the rooms were very dusty staff were either friendly or not attentive at all, depending on shift 
Breakfast not included 
The staff was unwelcoming, the elevator was tiny, the bathroom was underwhelming, very small shower and lack of design. Also, the bathroom door was clear so that whoever was in the main part of the room could see the other person on the toilet and in the shower 
Nothing to dislike about the Napoleon 
No parking available 
Everything was perfect, however. Maybe a couple of more shortbread biscuits, 
The room is too small for more than one person unless you are madly in love or it's your first weekend together. 
No parking, although not far Shower and toilet in the room, stayed in many London hotels at approx, same price and felt like You were in a quality place. Not here felt like the tiny rooms were making the most of the space and charging you only for the location. Everything in room ran off iPad great unless you don't know how to use. One 2 of our party were nearly 70 And, if You don't put it on charge but set the morning alarm, no way of switching it off until you charge the damn thing. 
Could have benefited from a welcome person on arrival Self check in procedures, but, as mine was a little complicated, I needed a bit of help and had to go and find a team member 
Room size 
No iron We were going out to dinner, wanted to iron. Our clothes after travelling for 3 days Have never stayed in a hotel anywhere without an iron Staff on duty not terribly helpful. Concerning this 
Our stay was perfect. 
Its a bit hidden away, not a fault, though 
Stayed there twice first time, the extra bed was very comfy. Second time got a sofa bed, which was really bad. 
They didn't have any iron or ironing board facilities in the hotel. Very strange 
The hotel was too old and the room and the bathroom were not clean. The bathroom was too small compared with the room, size and uncomfortable. I cannot hear the footsteps of the above room and the sound of running water of other rooms. 
The photo of the room didn't match what was provided. The room provided was way smaller 
The toilet is stuck after we finish of shower everytime, 
Lift is too old. 
The hotel was billed as 4 star. It seemed to me to be a solid 3 even with the kitchenette, Nothing here to dislike, just temper your expectations. 
Nil, 
Building works going on both on their restaurant and on the street. 
We were put in a basement room with no windows. It was probably one of the worst nights sleep I have ever had. If you stay at this hotel, do not get a basement room, It is horrible. 
My son said that he wished he had spent more time at the hotel, which is a good recommendation. 
Long walk to the end of corridor furthest from lift when hotel, obviously not full, still, availability on websites. 
The room was incredibly small, The smallest hotel room. I have every stayed in No room for more than one person. 
The extra bed was uncomfortable 
Limited breakfast choice, mostly just pork and same everyday 
Cleanliness, It was very dirty and we inform, but no change. 
Location inconvenient very far from the city of london, The station next to the hotel Royal Park is NOT connected with the Central Line. Instead, you need to go to Hunger Lane Station, which is a good 15 minutes walking from the hotel. Don'T believe that you can go to the City of London in 35 minutes, You need 15 minutes walking to Hunger Lane and then another 40 minutes on the Central Line. 
N, a 
My room was right next to the air con machines, and the minifridge was loud Between the two is was like trying to get to sleep on top of an engine. 
Worst bed, I've ever tried to sleep in both too short and ridiculously hard, Also dreadful location, either side of two busy night clubs. So all you hear all night is music and shouting Room was very dated, Would not recommend 
The wifi connection wasn't that good 
Nothing 
Room size and lift size 
Key cards kept stopping working drinks in the bar very overpriced and service charge. Added onto everything. The Natural restaurant is also very overpriced and food, not that good, Far better food and drink available only a short walking distance away. 
Nothing to improve it was perfect. 
Very small closet Plumbing issues, 
The room was not ready for us 3 sharing with the 2 singles with one quilt and the put up bed not made. The room was very tight for 3 beds and they kept forgetting to provide a third cup for tea, making and the equivalent supplies A mouse ran out from under the bed when they had separated the single beds. It ran out under the door, but we then had to check that it had not returned and put shoes along the gap under the door. We did not bother to tell the management as were amused. It may have come through the open window off the scaffolding, as we were at the rear of the hotel, and there was work being done to the old building. 
Nothing major to complain about 
Very limited parking nearby, with overnight parking off road costing 50 Pokey room with view of blank wall, a few feet away Insufficient hanging space for clothes for two people, even for one night's stay Nowhere to put toiletries in bathroom Lighting in bathroom, not good enough for makeup Or shaving Very basic food beverage facilities, coffee from small domestic type machine Very expensive for what it is. Many five star hotels in London offer rooms for the same price. 
Basement family room was extremely hot, not sure how effective the air con was. 
One small elevator for entire building 
The only down side was the lack of pillows just 1 pillow each wasn't enough for a comfortable night. 
In room facilities, a bit sparse, lack of mini bar, for example, 
I was looking to treat myself at the Laslett after a tiring work trip. I was in for a big disappointment. I was first given a room with no air conditioning that was unacceptably hot and stuffy Room 49. At first, the staff proposed to move me to a new room. However, I would have had to pay an additional 60 pound per night fee. After an amount of awkward negotiation, they agreed to provide an airconditioned room at no extra charge Room 4. Unfortunately, this room was on the basement level, so I could hear every footstep from the floor above breakfast room, reception, etc. I was really looking forward to my stay at the Laslett given other reviews, but I found the service and quality of the rooms. I stayed in wanting, While there were some staff were lovely, there were others who were inexplicably snobby, 
Slow 
Staff was OK but would not say excellent Breakfast. If you choose to eat there was very good but pricey You can eat out for less and get same meal. 
The only thing I could fault would be that the room was too hot and no air con. However, we did stay on a really hot day. 
Very small rooms - 
They gave me a room in the basement where I hear the water circulation all the time, as it was near the main exhaust pipe. I checked in by 8 PM On the next day when I requested to change it. They said, I have to request that in the morning only I lost another day, Then it becomes unworthy to change the room and pack unpack, as I will check out the next day. 
We stayed here a year ago and were very happy with this hotel. We were disappointed this time round. The service was not quite so good and both kettles provided to us in the room were broken. We were assigned one of the disabled rooms where the bathroom facilities were at too low a height to use comfortably 
Nespresso machine in the room didn't work, but they served free coffee in the lobby. 
The standard rooms are too small to be really comfortable. However, I do understand that this is London and space. Some staff were fabulous, but I do feel they were let down by colleagues who couldn't muster a smile which makes it hard for me to give it an outstanding rating on that front. 
I don't usually report bad hotel experiences, but this I feel I need to Please note, I'm French speaking and a local corporate traveler coming to Paris for recurrent business. I post in English to the benefit of the many tourists, often non Europeans who deserve to experience this amazing city in the best possible conditions. I stayed four nights with my partner in this hotel this end July. I chose it because it was a recommended Booking offer. A website I use most of the time for my hotel bookings anywhere, The Ibis Styles was identified as a four star hotel. The price was indeed a bargain breakfast included As corporate traveler. Thus I took the opportunity to test the Ibis standard, considering the convenience of a chain instead of independent hotels, to favor better locations according to work duties, The facts 1, The room the bed in particular, was smaller than presented in the ad. Well, I certainly have misread it happens, a lot. My mistake. It is not very comfortable, though, for an expected four star standard 2. The amenities and facilities were incredibly poor, No coffee machine to have a coffee. You need to go downstairs and bring up a carton cup. No toiletries cheap, towels, no wardrobe, of course, no pool. No fitness, no restaurant, isn't it a must in a four star? Anyway, we can survive 3. The telephone in the room didn't work and was not even explained Too bad. 4. The wifi was very poor. I complained and received the classical Parisian answer. We are currently changing provider. It'S temporary. I heard it at least in ten hotels, Don't believe it. I work in an office which deals with heavy up and down load. The provider has been changed in a couple of days and is far sufficient for fifty of people at once Be sure to bring your 4G data sharing phone with you, Although I need to say 4G, is also poor in this area, thus try to avoid watching movies Or series 5: We were on the fourth floor and the elevator suddenly broke down. 
Room'S too small first time there was great with a lot bigger room. This was the second time and the room was rather small, quite disappointing. 
Small rooms and cleanness should be more looked at. 
Space in garage 
Dealing badly by reception staff Room service is not available after 5 00. They didn't provide a taxi to transport to the airport. As requested where I requested to provide a private taxi from the hotel and accepting credit card. This was embarrassing with the taxi driver. The rooms were not provided with the same booking specifications and the receptionist said that this was based on availability. The rooms and bathrooms are very narrow. 
The room is A littile bit small. However, i guess its all like this kind of size of room in Paris. 
The wifi was useless in the room Had to sit at reception to use. 
No free wi fi room as the other hotel. We stayed fam room and the carpet wet n, inconvienve 
Old style, 
Location a little too far out, but then it was quiet, So you can't have it all. 
We booked a double bed, but we had two single beds: 
The room looked onto a building, The pool top was disappointing. No music or staff 
I liked everything 
There was nothing we didn't like, but since you asked, please provide better choices for breakfast, although breakfast was fine. 
The location somehow far from the Center, The entrance of the hotel comes with high stairs 
Air conditioning in room, smelly, 
You can't open the windows They do not provide disposable slippers. Toothbrush would be nice to have 
Some days where noisy 
My wife and i cannot think of anything we honestly cannot think of anyway, this Hotel, etc etc can be improved. A Big Thank You to all Staff Regards David, Emma 
Breakfast was terrible: Cold plates led to cold bacon, eggs and sausages. More staff is needed. I was fed up waiting for food trays to be replenished. 
Bad noise insulation, as we had very loud neighbours and could hear everything 
One elevator 
We booked a triple room, but the third bed was fairly uncomfortable fold up bed in a double room: 
Nothing all good 
Nothing 
The breakfast wasn't as plentiful as promised: 
The receptionists are very nice, but could use a brush up on their English skills Bath room a bit worn in places and very damp. 
The staff was not knowledgeable or very accommodating for the level of hotel. This was supposed to be No concierge. The lines were long and only two people to take care of everyone. When we checked in, we were asked if we wanted to pay in US dollars or euros. Last time we were in Europe. This was not a question that was ever asked. I picked usd after the staff explained. The exchange rate would be dictated by my bank, not exactly true. The room overall was ok but SMALL, no privacy as the bathroom is basically in the bedroom For almost 450. It does not meet expectations. 
There is nothing I can pick fault with. 
Breakfasts 
The furniture is old not as the photos show 
Bed was too firm. 
Hotel is really run down. For example, there was water dripping from the ceiling in the corridor of our room. Bathroom was not properly cleaned bunch of hairs from previous clients on the floor and in drawer Bed is extremely soft for us personally, not comfortable Swimming pool. Chlorine way too strong and pool was anyway not really clean. We ordered breakfast in the room the morning of our departure and they brought it up with 30 minutes delay And the very worst a gentleman that said, that was a client came in into our kids room with his own room. Key. His room key happened to be a master key that opened all hotel rooms. We did not even receive a proper apology from the hotel for this issue To cut it short, definitely not worth the money we spent for the stay, and we believe this hotel should not be tagged as Gran Lujo nor 5 Star 
The room we stayed in was a little small and required a small amount of gymnastic skill to move around The window was also quite small, so natural light was not great. However, you get what you pay for, and we were extremely satisfied. 
The water supply was too hot. We cannot adjust the cold and hot water just 60 degree celsius. 
Unfortunately, there were a few things that need improvements 1 Upon arriving. The receptionists could not locate our invitation, although we presented our booking confirmation. 2. Maybe that's why the room included only 2 towels when we just arrived and no floor mat for the bathroom 3. The bed was really really uncomfortable and both of us suffered back pains 4, No refrigerator in the room: 5, No hair, dryer and minimal toiletries soap, bar and shampoo, no conditioner body lotion and so on. 6 Food is reasonable, not enough vegetables and bad coffee. 7. We selected the holiday Inn thinking we can add this stay to our holiday inn card. Unfortunately, we found out that it cannot be added when ordering through booking com. 
Nothing was dislikeable, 
Everything was excellent. No other comment needed 
You need to walk up a few steps stairway to get to the lift. The lift is narrow, But it's better than without one 
The building is old, and so that causes a few issues like very slow lifts and a less modern corridors, but don't be put off as the interiors of the rooms are very nice. Tea and coffee making facilities would have been an added bonus. 
The hotel is listed as 4 star. This is not correct in any way. I have stayed in 4 star hotels, The decor was poor, The furniture is old, The lift can only have one person at a time The facilities were poor. 
Staff is nice, but slow often there are guests waiting in line to check in or out 
Nothing I didn't like, Although it would have been perfect if the price per night was a little less 
It has the name of Krasnapolsly, but that is it Highly over rated, Not 5 star Service is ok, ish rooms, small dirty and bathrooms, extremely small 
Nothing 
Stay was too short, 
When I booked the hotel, there was no option for breakfast 
Incorrect room allocated initially but rectified well with upgrade 
No bottled water in the room, 
They did not serve food 24 hours. 
There was no refrigrator in the room, 
Didn'T like the fact that there is no roof terrace The pictures you see, of the pool etc make it appear that they are on the roof. However, this is all actually on the 6th floor and stops serving at 8pm and closes at 9pm. The bar on the 24th floor has a roller shutter roof and cannot really be described as a roof terrace either Ps. There are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room at all. 
I had the worst experience when I first got in the hotel, not only I took a long flight and was tired and wanted to check in early, but the staff at the reception was very rude. I understand that check in is strictly at 3pm, but there's no need to be rude about it. I arrived at 10 30am and asked him if I could check in early, and he said no, he didn't even make eye contact. I waited until literally 2 55pm and he said very rudely and loudly five more minutes. I got so nervous that my phone fell on the floor. Second issue was the toilet. It was clean, but I noticed hairs in the bathtub and towel placed on sink. I cleaned it myself, as I was extremely exahusted to change rooms or to even walk downstairs to tell them about it. I just passed out right after Third issue was the restaurant. I tried their pasta on my last day and it made sick on the way to the airport that I actually threw up It. Tasted weird, but I thought I'd eat it anyway. Ps. I don't know what was the guy's name, but he was the worst Other staff were nicer and one of them apologized to me for his behavior. One person gave a bad look to the rest of the staff. I'M extremely dissatisfied with my experience. It was just horrible 
Firstly, I have no idea how this hotel can rate as 5 stars. Perhaps it is the expensive hatted restaurant attached that gives it its status. When we arrived, there was no porter to help with our luggage. We stayed for 6 nights in this hotel. We had clean, towels, etc. However, our linen was not changed the whole time. The bathroom has mould around the tiles and whan. We complained that the bar fridge was not cold. We were told that it was a closet, not a fridge. My friend and I have travelled regularly all around the world staying in 5, star hotels and neither of us have ever heard that a fridge is a closet. There is also the issue of room service To order anything to your room, including ice attracts a 7 50 Euro charge which is ludicrious and just plain greedy. All in all, I would love to stay in the area again. If I come back to Amsterdam, but not at this hotel, 
No room service, as the staff could not understand me, 
Limited breakfast buffet, Not good value for the price. 
Cleaning and light in room 
Room was not cleaned. On the second day of our stay, I contacted reception twice before fresh towels and toiletries were delivered, but used. Towels were left in bathroom and bins were not emptied. 
Room was small, but this was stated when booking so can't complain. 
Very small room, no room for luggage And short bed cabinet at the end of the bed. 
The staff were rude: 
Two full size bed for three or more adults family with teenager, Also a list with good recommended restaurant in neighbourhood. 
None 
The carpet near the bathroom was completely wet and the staff were reluctant to change the room for us. It turns out. The shower design means is very easy for most of the rooms to have wet carpet. 
Reception staff were little off hand and impersonal. 
Some of the rooms are yet to be refurbished, but the refurbishment programme is ongoing. 
More light in bathroom would be welcomed. 
The room could use some updating, But it was fine. 
I dont believe this is a 4 star hotel. The disgusting smell coming out of the bathroom for the entire 3 days we stayed here is enough to lower it to 2 stars. However, this same odour is also present throughout most of Barcelona's streets, so maybe its a more broad issue. Tv is extremely small. For such a large room Staff could be more personable. 
Maids set up right outside our room 123 and we're very noisy in the morning. 
The only negative comment was the matter of only 2 elevators in a hotel with many rooms. We opted to walk down the 8 flights rather than wait for the slow elevators. This isn't a big deal, but could be if you were in a particular hurry. 
Honestly, its the most homophobic hotel i have ever been to, I was there with my partner and my friends, and they asked for an upgrade. We did too, as it was our anniversary. The difference was, they were heterosexual, they got an upgrade. We voiced our opinion to the reception tastefully and honestly. Unfortunately, she was extremely rude and simply rejected us. 
Long distance to beach 
There was a slightly odd damp smell in the room. 
The worst service and personel ever Totally worthless quality, I'm used to international travels, and I have never experienced so bad bad, bad and unwilling personel, Not service minded at all Unpleasant. It was difficult to sleep since doors to the room seem to let all the sounds in you could as well. Leave it open Plus, seems to be some funky guests and neighbors tried to leave open windows, but then I got to listen to some sex noises. Instead, Just pitiful, And why would they keep your room clean or fill in coffee capsules And do not expect to get a bit earlier check in, even if you're, sick or pregnant or whatever they will not offer you that extra hour of hospitality of extra care Plain? No, No to everything Totally wortless. I seldom provide feedback regarding my stays, but this place was so exceptionally bad. So it's important that other people avoid it. 
The tram stop is a long walk from the hotel We actually drove and parked on a street closer to it That made it worthwhile. Otherwise, a twenty minute walk. 
Housekeeping was a problem due to language barriers. The cleaning lady spoke not one word of english, which ended up in several requests via supervisor etc. Although the room was nice, it had a very low ceiling. 
All was okay, 
Nothing Perfect place. 
Staff behind reception were not very welcoming and arrogant at times the resturants, not very accomadating for vegetarians. You can't have something standard that is not on the menu ie, cheese, salad instead of ham or chicken ceaser salad, and you also can't change anything on the menu eg. With no meat or a sandwich with no onion, if the menu says there is onion in the toastie silly things that I have not had. The problem with in any other hotel was shocking. The hotel maid just walked in our room. While we were getting ready to go into centraal found that very rude, but she did apologised instantly. We only got given 2 tea bags a day and 2 small pots of milk a day 2 glass cups, which one of the days didn't get replaced along with the milk and tea bags. Also, our shower toiletries and towels did not get replaced on that same day. So we went and Baught our own - we told maid the next morning, but other than that. These are not major things and would not affect most people. Overall, the hotel was lovely and I would recommend it to people. We really enjoyed our stay here. 
Nothing 
Room wassmall and your get a pretty poor breakfast bag. 
Everything was great, 
2 problems Staff constantly trying to upsell. This happened upon check in at the bar and restaurant bordering on fraud and dishonesty, Slow check out waiting for staff to upsell to those checking in 
The cleaners were lazy, They only come and change towels in the room and if you ask them to clean the room a little, the pretend cannot hear you. 
Scent of smoke cigarette, sometimes at the reception 
The smell of smoke in the lobby, 
Unable to use watts app 
No sleepers 
You can purchase all tickets from the hotel. I was not informed. Of this Would have saved a lot of time. 
When I paid for my reservation, they could not locate the money for at least 2 weeks, which caused me stress and inconvenience. The rest of the aspects were great, though 
They dont clean the rooms during our stay for 3 nights, No restaurants or supermarket near 
Not a great deal 
Room which was on5th floor, which was in the attic with no direct window only skylights 
Parking was expensive and inconvenient. 
There was not an AC 
It was a bit clumsy getting to the executive floors with a flight of stairs to the elevator, which was rather slow and very hot. We had asked for a room with a tub which the desk clerk acknowledged, but the room did not have one 
Executive lounge should be restocked more often rather than just in the morning. 
Room not clean 
We missed a sauna and a pool after walking the whole day around the city, but that could be easily replaced for drinks at the lounge or the internal patio. 
Unfortunately, I could hear everything going on in the corridors. The room doors didn't keep the noise out. 
No milk provided with kettle lack of privacy when using toilet 
Pillows were smelly old, sweat, smell nasty 
A pool or a spa with a hot tub jacuzzi is the only missing thing, especially a pool in such a hot city during the summer. For those who don't like the shore, 
Nothing 
No desk and chair in the room 
When we checked in, we were given information about breakfast, which made us think that it was included in our stay. Of course, this was our mistake, but to find out after eating that it was 18 Euros. Each was a shock. 
My room was very small: The wardrobe had only a few hangers 
Nothing 
No mini fridge or microwave in room only one sheet on bed, which was a top sheet, which meant that if you move in your sleep, they automatically came off and the entire mattress was bare. Overall, it was a fine stay, but would not do it next time? Considering how much it costed 
I didn't realize the hotel was so far away from the tourist sights. It is too far to walk and driving in the city was difficult, so we had to take a cab uber to get around, Not bad, but it added some expense to the trip. 
The noises from next doors, showers and bathrooms were like a waterfall in the room whenever they were used. I was about to ask for a change of room, but there was quiet again during the nights. 
Took forever to check in At least 15 minutes waiting the another 15 minutes, while the guy checked us in Filling in all kinds of forms Scanning in passports of all guest for a 1 night stay Sign forms all sorts That was rediculous, Then the key cards for The door have to be put in a certain way. If u do it wrong, then the card is deactivated and you have to go back down to reception to activate again. Wifi was terrible. No wnglish channels on TV, Audio language selection option had been locked on the TV remote Only 2, small milk sachets yet 10 or more tea and coffee, sachets, Bathroom tiles and floor were grubby in areas Hadn't been cleaned properly. Hotel overall is OK, but it's positioned on a steep hill. So it's hard work in the heat walking to and from 
Liked all 
Limited lighting in room, not exact information about availability of parking In general. The booking com site is not offering clear info regarding parkings 
Wi Fi should be free, 
Room very small, instant coffee for the breakfast paid wifi. I still can't f kin belive it 
Lights in the room weren't in the right place to read at night Staff weren't noticeable 
Breakfast too expensive, 
Rooms are a bit small and walls a bit thin Washbasin design looks chic, but isn't very practical. 
The gym was very poor and shouldn't be classed as a gym. Also, the light outside our room was flashing continually throughout our 2 night stay. 
We booked a twin room and if I had any complaints I would say it was a bit on the small size, but as we were only able to stay for one night, it was adequate. 
Small rooms, more so than usual, 
Construction work made it less welcoming The breakfast room. Looked temporary un un, inviting It was essentially a very expensive basic hotel. 
Had hoped for a cup of tea after we arrived before bed, but no facilities in room and no obvious place to have one, though we didn't ask 
The hotel is right next to the train station, so it was very noisy on the balcony. The executive club was not worth spending extra money on Not a huge range of food or beverages, not quite big enough to cater for the amount of guests staying at the hotel, A very busy hotel, 
The executive lounge was too small and overcrowded 
Not applicable 
Stayed here for one night Went to the pool at 10 AM before checkout. During these 30 minutes, the maid came in and took some of my stuff unopened food in packages rearranged. Some of my things didn't clean. The room Looked like someone broke in, so I had to check all my belongings Felt very uncomfortable Reception and maid denied Offered compensation of 7 instead of 10 to have breakfast at their hotel, which I of course refused Condition of a 2 star. Shabby hotel not even close to 4 stars Avoid the hotel that allows their personnel stealing and covers it up. 
About 20 mins away from the centre by bus, 
The speed of wi fi is ridiculously slow. I had to use my mobile phone as a hot spot to give wi fi to The lap top. Also the location of the bath is awkward. The speed of wi fi is unacceptable. 
We stayed on the 5th floor and the wifi signal was weak and often lost connection. 
Breakfast too expensive compared with the local shops, bakeries WiFi in the room was poor. We had to move to find a good signal. The drainer of the bathtub shower was not good, resulting in a lot of water when the water flow was high. Only a few TV channels in English, mostly news 
A little out of the way, but public transport handy 
Location was not very central. 
The bathroom smells bad also the lift required maintenance 
Really confusing method for the payment they blocked the total amount before we arrive than they charge us. The total amount again also, the bicycle rent did the same and block 800Eur for insurance, which is really bad other than that every than was more than great 
Breakfast price 
Could have had electric kettle with inroom tea coffee by default Had to request the staff to provide an electric kettle. 
The hallways feel like your in a hostel and the staff customer service was pretty crap, Not very friendly and could not be bothered. There was a taxi strike and there was a sign up in the lift informing guests of it. When we asked staff for advice on how to get to the airport, they were not really prepared and didn't give us enough information. 
This is not a 5 star hotel 3 star max The common parts, and the rooms reminded me of a hostel. The room had shower cubicle and a loo within it with glass doors and no locks, Anyone else in the room or across the road, admittedly, with binoculars. As it is, a big road had a good view of ones. Ablutions Did not like that at all Common parts and main entrance need a massive upgrade to at least try and resemble a 5 star hotel. 
Nothing to mention 
Room Service omly from 7 00pm to 11 00 pm Bar open from 5 00 pm to 12 00 pm. Only Breakfast start at 7. 30 am 
Nothing 
Prices could be reviewed, as my opinion, access to the pool and refreshments were a little expensive. 
Nothing 
Our daughters, teddy bear big panda got lost in the luggage storage. She was very, very sad, but the staff did not help or took it seriously. How can a bear get lost? 
Needed Glass wall at shower tab was very sleepy. Tissues was not in room and wash room. 
Nothing 
Breakfast waiters require some training 
If they add more food choices for breakfast and dinner will be better 
Restaurant space feels like you, are in a corridor Too cramped, But for the price the food was good and the overall experience was good. 
The furniture is a bit old and could use some refurbishment. Having said that, we stayed for two separate nights. The first room was newer and nicer than the second room. 
In my current room, the wifi is a little spotty 
Actually, tv channels could be more international, 
We awoke to find a dead cockroach in our room that started to come round and had to be disposed of by myself and a maid ugh Reception were apologetic and offered to change rooms, And I appreciate that this can occur in city hotels. We did ask for a later check out and where told to ask upon the day of our check out where, upon we were told it was not possible, though, had been already given to 5 other guests, We were offered the shower facilities next to the gym sauna. These are in an open plan area, so not suitable if you wish to have privacy 
That not all rooms, where renovated so be careful. When you book, I had to change rooms first time, Not good with sound proofing walls, so some parts of the day and evening it's a bit noisy with kids running and door slamming and water running from other rooms. Above 
Nothing major noisy due to its location, but closing the windows sorts this out and bathroom is small. So if travelling with small children, it can be a challenge for us. It worked fine 
Nothing 
Nothing all was perfect. 
Very modern and bathroom a little weird 
Very lacking in customer service Staff, weren't ready to help or assist, and some members of staff didn't enjoy, trying to converse with us in english, which was very frustrating when we tried our best with our Spanish 
The whole trip was fantastic: 
It is noisy, especially Saturday night 
Nothing of note 
I booked 2 triple rooms 2 months before my arrival and I asked interconected rooms, but I was surprized that our rooms were not pre arranged and finally, we got seperate rooms which gives the impression that they do not care about their customers. The car park is very expensive 30 per day and such expensive hotel should at least provide free or cheaper car park. 
Nothing Perfect stay 
The window was open when we enter the room which filled the room with the smell of weed coming from the street. I wish they did not leave the window open. 
If I was to nitpick the only thing I missed was being able to make a cup of tea in my room. But that said, the bar was a lovely area and I could easily buy a cup of delicious fresh ginger and lemon tea to take up. The area is a little way out of the centre, but once you've got the hang of the tram system, it's really not a problem at all, and it is a nice, peaceful neighbourhood. 
Very rude reception staff Ignored us answering the phone in front of us when already waiting and let people queue jump on check out Hairs in bed. 
Too remote with Little to do in the area, 
Gym wasn't really a gym, but who needs to work out when you're in Amsterdam? 
Location up a steep hill family room was cramped and small window opened onto an enclosed area. 
Wifi connection, not that good on arrival, we were asked for the debit card that we booked, the hotel on which we did not take with us, and the receptionist was quite aggressive towards us, demanding that we provide it. We didn't need that after travelling, All the other staff were lovely 
A c in the room was old and a bit noisy 
Ac was not cooling, well, 
It was perfect, 
The family room is very smal: It's not a family room, but a standard room with double bad and 2 floors. Bad The lader was very high and it was dangerous to climb and go down. We were asking to do check out 1 hour later, but the manager ask 15 got this hour. It wa rude. I don't recommend about this hotel. 
The room small 
Location, excellent 
Parking is complicated. There is a parking on the next street for 27 euro per day, But to know about it, I had to talk to the reception, which means that I had to park a car somewhere close to the entrance to the hotel. This was quite expensive. Around 4 euro for 30 minutes 
Air conditioning could have been better but did not affect my stay. 
Air conditioner is dropping while it is operating. We asked front desk to fix it, but eventually it was all the same. 
Nothing 
Very low water pressure in the shower for a four star hotel Soundproofing can be improved. We were on the 6th floor and still could hear the road traffic at night. 
You could not buy alcohol after 11, 30pm, so the rooftop terrace bar with such fantastic night time views was wasted would have been lovely to sit up there late with a glass of wine ridiculous for a city centre hotel in July. 
Everything was really great: 
That I didn't know before we arrived 
It could be a bit noisy at night, but that should be expected right in the middle of a busy city. 
Air conditioner terrible 
The hotel is a 15 minute uphill walk from the metro station. If you have lots of heavy bags, it would be best to get a taxi. 
Nothing 
It was a distance from main attractions. 
Right beside railway, but noise, not too bad Breakfast a bit underwhelming for 4 star hotel, no veggie sausages for my veggie partner, Cold, croissants, etc. 
We had booked 3 rooms, one was for my disabled, elderly mother in law and her carer. The hotel did not have the correct number of beds in the rooms. They kept us waiting for 0ver 3 hours trying to organise extra beds, which never appeared When we eventually got beds for everyone. The rooms reeked of cigarette smoke, Some of the sausages at breakfast, were half raw. Perhaps they were trying to poison us. It was a complete shambles. None of the staff seemed to have a clue and mostly spoke poor English. After 2 weeks, we eventually received an apology and refund for one of the 3 rooms Would never stay here again under any circumstances. 
Nothing 
No dedicated concierge, They were just pulling all the advice from internet and trip advisor, which we could do ourselves. 
I think that nowadays, free wifi should be standard. Otherwise all aspects of service were very good. 
N, A 
Pillows could be more comfortable Room, decoration was old, which was not a big problem for us. 
Room were not comfortable Open, Bathroom with Wash Basin in the Room, Very unforgettable, to stay Booked for 3 night, but stayed on 1 night Booked 2 room 1. For me, and my Wife and the for my Daughter and Son. None of them like the concept of Open, Clear Door, Bathroom and Wash Basin in the Room. 
Nothing 
Everything was perfect, 
House keeper would take used towels robes and not provide with clean ones. 
Expensive 
Very expensive for one night, 
Nothing 
Having tea coffee making facility in the room would make this hotel even better, Not complaining, but just a remark. 
The staff was amazing, almost all the time There was one girl who was very unhelpful along with the guy running the restaurant. They sent me back and forth between the two of them. When I was just wanting to look at a menu In the end, they pretty much just brushed me off and we're actually very rude about it. Also, the internet was terrible, It constantly would drop and we would have to keep're. Logging in The room was very clean, but the shower did not drain properly. It was kind of gross honestly 
View was boring, building wall Parking garage was expensive, 22 one night and there weren't parking space for our car outside Area was mainly full of asian markets or restaurants. 
Nothing 
Superior room with open bathroom style, taking much getting used to Unfamiliar room Arrangement. 
Stayed at this hotel three years ago and had a fantastic stay. That'S why I didn't mind paying over 700 pound this time around for only four nights. That is a lot of money to spend on a room for a short stay Phoned room service, which is meant to be 24 7 and theh had nothing to eat so actually had to phone. A take away service for food as the mini fridge did not get're stocked or did the coffees and teas for the room Phoned down for extra, and there was none Facilities just weren't good this time at all, When paying that amount of money for a good hotel. You expect to have coffee in the room and room service when it says Don't think I'll be staying again, as even the staff were rude when complainging polity. When I was checking out The amount of money I spent and all they could offer me was a free breakfast buffet. If I stayed again when I couldn't even order myself food, when I was there in the first place, 
Expensive breakfast 
Smaller rooms infact seem smaller than what was committed. 
The stuff is very professional and friendly 
The room this second time was a little sad, but it is very clean. The first time we had a corner room on the 5th floor and it was bigger with a view. This time I asked for a room with view of the courtyard and it was a smaller room, overlooking the glass roof to the breakfast room. 
The WiFi didn't work very well Hard to connect from our room. 
As above 
The service was really bad from the staff and the AC's in the hotel totally dead, and i explained them, but nothing changed. 
The dimension of the standard room 
The breakfast is really expensive unless you have it included in your room, fare Two coffess and 2 scrambled eggs for 40 euros. 
Nothing 
Lobby size 
Decor was outdated. 
Evening receptionist was rude, Key to door, wouldn't open, and I had to go to desk twice to assist Room smelled like sewage water, 
Rooms are quite small, no bath in a standard room, just a shower Poor or no window view again from the standard room. 
Nothing 
Confusing wifi connection 
Advice to tourists were inadequate. 
Absolutely not a 4 star place, Breakfast was terrible and so was the hotel. It really ruined our stay in Milan. I made a lot of pictures and will go after the entity who gave out these fake stars. 
Living in a 23rd century architectural exercise Slippery enormous, shower cubicle inside the bedroom, nowhere to hang towels nowhere Cosiness degree 0. You have to give instructions to the lift before boarding yes, no floor buttons inside the lift car. Finding your car in the garage next morning can be a lengthy exercise too. 
The basin drainage didn't work properly Overall, although very modern, it's quite plasticky and somehow fake environment, which is not expected from a 4 star rated hotel in Europe. 
Parking a fair distance and cash payment only at 36 euros per day was expensive. 
My credit card was charged additional 1 st night, which still isn't cancelled 5 days, at least 
Beds are soft, Waiters were having a off day. 
No complaints, 
Nothing 
Noisy airco Politeness at reception could be better, especially when it was busy Got the impression i was disturbing them when asking something They tried to give the shortest answer as possible. Maybe it was because I was on holiday and not wearing my usual business attire 
Coming home, 
The sofa made us all itchy 
Really nice hotel with clean and comfortable rooms, Not the most central or cosy location but close to metro 
Bed was a bit firm for my liking and the room was fairly small. Both very minor comments. 
No negative comments: 
All the double beds are twin beds and gathered togather. We asked the reciption to change, but they said allthe rooms are liks. This beds are not comfortobal. Four coples 
Water in shower did not go down the drain. No ironing room for guests like in other smaller grade hotels, Do not justify it by saying the Law does not permit it. That'S not true. Hotels can provide the use of an iron as long as it's NOT in the guests room Totally ridiculous. No one even offered to help All I got was there is nothing I can do Really poor service. 
Close to bed and window three spider's webs not from yesterday Everything else in the room was really clean. 
Beds very firm bar area was far too small for the size of hotel and very poorly ran. Breakfast was good value, but chaotic 
Very far from down town, i don't like the hotel, color or the decoration 
Every thing is: ok, 
All facities shut after 00 00 and not even milk. They would provide for my crying baby 
It was very expensive so for the price there should be option of gym pool, but the other facilities exceptional service made up for that. 
Coffee at Breakfast, 
No outside are to sit terrace and enjoy drinks away from room 
Tge distance from milan city 
Nothing 
When we booked, we were thinking it was a Walk across the road from garibaldi station, but it is actually a good 15 minutes in the heat of the day Better to get a cab. 
Not many bars or restaurants in close vicinity of the hotel, 
A little remote but trams, ok to get to city centre; 
Maybe the elevator 
There was a little bit bad smell like smoke. We could not open windows. 
Location and slow tram into centre 
Breakfast so so juice from concentrate powdered eggs Blanket dirty. 
The breakfast could have been better more options: 
There is no parking You can park in the street, but you should put a ticket 8 00, 19 00 Or you can use valet service, which costs 24 EUR for 24 hours. There are many bars in the neighbourhood, but also homeless, people sleeping next to the hotel. It is good for couples, but not for families. 
Check in was a bit slow, 
There is no slippers and bathrobe 
It'S in a beautiful old building so be warned, the steps are steep and there are many confusing stairs and corridors. Just remember where yout room is, and you won't accidentally try and enter someone else's room with your key card p. It'S a small room but perfect for a solo traveller. Looking for a bit of comfort, 
Check out time was early 
Noise from hall sofa bed uncomfortable 
Locationgood deal 
Breakfast 
Smaller choice for breakfast 
When I booked the hotel Booking offered free breakfast, the hotel did Not honor it. 
A lot 1, they sale a basement room without properly informing you on it. The title is sous terrain, which in dutch means basement, go figure that out so we paid a lot for a stay in a room underground would never have choose that room. If i would have known it has a small window, you can see people feet passing by 2. The breakfast is pretty skimpy when stuff run outs, they don't auto fill it. You have to ask them to do so, and it runs out pretty quickly. Also stuff comes out slowly when you order it from the kitchen, it seems it doesn't keep up with the amount of guests. The coffee itself was great and fast 3. The bathroom isn't sound isolated from the room. The door itself isn't blocking the entire entrance and it's a bit transparent. 
We arrived to the property very early and, although i know a room is not guranteed for early check in. I felt like the lady, assisting us didn't even check and said no. Due to the time There was dirt marks on the carpet and when they came to clean te room, the side of the bed wasnt even hoovered, The A C wasnt great. We arrived to a half empty, mini bar 
Elevators are good, but lighting could be more 
Water pressure seemed low room was smelly when first turning on the air con Traffic was not really good due to road works. 
Room fine cost reflected the hotel's location, 
All good 
No irons in room Air con was not very good. 
Although clean bathroom was in need of several repairs, shower door was a folding device that missed a hinge or two and collapsed into one's standing room while showering No outlet in bathroom no mirror in room itself. No air conditioner, although fan provided View of courtyard just a hallow area between buildings, nothing scenic, Not an overly comfortable bed. Neither of us slept well Note that restaurant, while reputedly very good, closes for a month each summer as of about 23 July Parking in their underground garage, must be reserved in advanced. If you don't see this option, when booking your hotel room, consider calling the hotel to arrange as nearest parking garage cost us a fixed fee of 35 Euro and the garage only opens each morning at 9. Am 
Unfortunately, there was no air condition in the room. A hardly working ventilator is not enough. In summer. 
None 
Passages a bit narrow, 
Generally, we enjoyed our stay. The breakfast had good choice and well stocked, though the tea and coffee were both poor quality, not a great cuppa and really should get that right. Rooms are nice and very clean, but also very small, Not a huge issue, as you tend to be out and about 
Housekeeping is not attentive, not caring at all. Once when I returned to my room at night, there is not even a piece of towels in the toilet. Also, they won't give you enough set of towels, Even if they give you they just left a pile for you to sort. They never refill your toiletries needs. U have to ask specifically everyday The most essential things when you finished. They won't refill it for you, But only replenish those you already left in full bottles, but with even more. That is not what you need E g. I have 4 full bottles of conditioners 3 full bottles of shampoo, but none for bath gel body cream. They don't provide you with basic needs like slippers, Cotton, pads, wools Q tips, But we saw it in their trolley, Not even refill. Teabags milk sugar Rooms are considered not clean to normal hotel standard. 
The line on the breakfast and not variety, breakfast food, 
Staff, Crowded, Restaurant, No amenities, 
Our hotel room was a little small. The bath had high sides and was difficult and dangerous to climb in and out for showering. Definitely a no go for anyone with mobility issues. The separate WC was tiny and a squeeze to get into and close the door. A wall telephone was place at hip height, so often knocked on in error. We didn't receive nightly turn down as expected and raised this with the hotel 
No faults on my stay: 
The price 270 for one night, not including breakfast, I could have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria in Versailles for 240 euros, But this is London where most of the hotels are overpriced. The restaurant is more like a caf bar and not very accommodating. If you want to eat after 10, 00 
Better air con 
The room and the breakfast room are definitely too small. 
We were enjoying a quiet drink from the honesty bar in the drawing room when two separate groups came in to have meetings. One left, but the other. A group of six men continued their meeting, including a conference call without even asking if they were disturbing us, A table next to the bath for toiletries would be very useful. 
Nothing 
I didn't dislike anything. It was all great. I would recommend there being more international channels on the TV 
The Staff very disappointing for a hotel of this quality and price. They were either just not interested and off hand in dealing with us or quite unclear wrong in the answers they gave to our questions. The exception was the doorman who was great. The whole time were were there 
Wish they provided complimentary, coffee and tea? 
I had requested Almond Milk for my wife, whilst booking on the websitewhilst booking, Which was confirmed but not available, That was v v bad. I also thought that the rate was inclusive of breakfast. It should be more clear. 
The room, elevator, hallways and stairs were extremely small narrow Regarding the elevator. Only one person with luggage 1 can fit. Hopefully, you're, not claustrophobic. 
Location is on a busy road and can be quite noisy. 
Hot water system was very bad. We had trouble both at night and in the morning The water was very cold, Will not earn any Hilton Honors points HHonors, nor free Wi Fi nor other kind of HHnonors benifits. If booked through Booking com, A hotel's staff, knocked at the door around 7 45 in the morning and asked whether what time she could clean the room, Could she just wait until we check out 
You don't earn Hilton Honors points if you book through Booking com AND you have to pay for Wi Fi AND that Wi Fi costs over 15 a day. 
The restaurant and bar at this hotel didn't seem to have staff to run them. 
The service at the restaurant 
None 
Location and general great hotel, 
I ordered twin room, they told its, not aviliable. 
Nothing 
Staff, Those of you with poker faces, you should smile more. You should ask a guest whether is in a need of help with luggage, not just whether he she wants to pay in advance for breakfast or open an account with you or whether would prefer a more expensive room. Also saying good morning and good evening to your guests once in a while is good manners Looking like a gentleman won't make you one. After all, it's not everything in life about money, Wifi Rooms with windows at an extra charge of 20 pounds day Taxi companies. You co, operate with that, instead of 5 mins, they turn up in 35. It'S not your fault entirely, but most definitely not your guests. 
As above, but the showers are pathetic in the executive rooms, It is the 2nd time I have stayed and it seems common to all rooms. 
Room was rather antiquated, 
Room not ready at 3pm 
Nothing 
Nothing 
Poor service from staff, Construction in hotel and building construction noise next door, 
Nothing really 
I did not like the fact that you had to pay for parking and it was very difficult to park as I had a 4x4 and the ceiling was very low and it was very tight. The reception staff could have been a bit more accommodating 
Place in general is very tired. Beds are not comfy or luxurious, but sheets are very clean. Bathroom is really outdated and in very poor condition. 
The fact this time when I got a room, I thought I'd go for a city view rather then no view, and it was tiny. U could just about walk round the bed and I payed a lot more for it. No point getting a city view. If, u want some room 
Very rude: receptionists Didnt honour our booking request, Wierd awkward set up for breakfast, not relaxing Rooms, tiny 
There were no toiletries other than a very small soap for hand washing and a shower gel attached to the shower wall. For some reason, my room did not include breakfast 
Air conditioning was a bit tricky to us3 
The only thing I can think of to improve is somewhere to plug in the kettle. The cord was very short and there were only a couple of power points. The only spot we could find was on the floor, Not a big issue but could be improved. 
Staff Mediocre Most of them were so immersed in their work, most of the time and a smile or acknowledgement came as if out of force. I had sought some tourist information from them about tour buses and they provided me with some wrong info that messed up the day. Location, Not suitable for tourists at all Away from all attractions Train station is a walk away, but it takes less than an hour to reach anywhere by it. We eventually took uber Food, No idea as we never ate there. This hotel has no restaurant service and has justa 20 item menu, which they provide at sky rocketing prices. Breakfast was 25 for continental spread and 30 for American spread, and I thought it is better to eat at the neighbouring places. Menu itself was so so drab Room. Just about ok, I had signed up for a room with a pool entrance on bookings com. This turned out to be a room behind the so called eating area of the hotel, and when I had to draw open the curtains there were people eating outside. I wouldn't even trust bookings com now on rooms, Toilet Separate toilet and shower area Acceptable in European countries, But a toilet with no sink or water facilities in today's age, NO NOT ACCEPTABLE. 
The staff someone raised their hand on my mother because he was upset, it was night and he didnt want to fix the safe box. 
This hotel is just a room. There is nothing more very expensive. 212 night Does not correspond to the price quality People came in from the street and they were offered a price of 620 4 night. Of course, my husband and I were outraged because we pre ordered And 
None 
Bathroom and air conditioning 
Hair dryer didn't work, Neither it worked in the other room of our companions. Shower water got cold during my shower 
The room was in the basement and next to the stareway, which was a bit noisy 
Wi fi, not good. You have to log on manually every time And signal, not good. 
Rooms are dated and are expensive for what they are. 
Toilet did not work and they never came to fix it. 24Hr room service was false. 
Nothing not to like 
Low ceilings Not much to complain about 
Pubs, limited menu for a meal 
Steep stairs up to our room, 
It'S our second stay at this hotel and we booked again because we liked the first time, but we noted this time the facilities we're in need of maintenance, broken closet doors in the room. However, price just went up in two years: 
Location was too far from main area of town 
The location, the lobby and there is no isolation in the room. 
Run down hotel Family suite was big, but with no class Euro 620 for a night too much for the quality provided will not suggest anyone to stay. 
The bathtub cleanliness wasn't inviting enough to enjoy this amenity. The high speed WIFI was very spotty. 
Very cosy room As in very cosy even for luxury rooms. 
No thing not to like 
Room to small, The bathroom was not spacious enough. The design of the room was not appropriate, They did not provide coffee and tea. Even cattel Was so poor. 
The comfort of the bed was terrible. 
Waiting 3 hours to check in while people who arrived after me, checks in ahead Had even phone to advise early check in Others were accommodated ahead of me. 
Bed and room are little bed small 
No drawers in room stain on chair corner of toilet seat, broken off at back room on small side; 
The sanitation of the toilet needs improvement, 
No seating in room 
The elevator too small 
Haven'T seen a tinier room, no Air Con and the window doesn't open. The view was some construction material. The interior of the room was also very poor. More like a storage 
Small room and noisy surrounding with road work, No air condition. 
Carpet stained quite poor Lack of facilities in the hotel generally Check in staff tried to apply the wrong room rate to the room both on check in and check out. I e no lesson learned first time around English language skills of staff could be a little better, Not a 4 star experience more 3 star Room, a little claustrophobic as it was at eye level, with roof of courtyard covered bar 
Arrived at 8pm and my room was still not ready. I was told to return 30mins later and that they would try their best Lamp next to my bed would randomly switch on whilst asleep, Perhaps an electrical wiring glitch 
Not enough options for room service and the price 
No room service, every things you need it. You should go to reception, to collect Bad staff on reception. They don't have customer service skills prices, so expensive. Overall hotel view train station 
I asked for a view and received a room. Looking out at the courtyard from below Internet was inconsistent More than once staff entered my room when they knew I was in it or once should have heard me respond to their knock, rather than waiting for me to open the door. 
We were not given the room, we were promised 2 twins. Instead of a king. We were promised an upgrade because we are platinum members, Then, the next day it wa unavailable 
There is a apparently disconnection between the reception and the concergerie service. I travel around the world for bussiness purposes and in my trips I just say make my request. One time I don't know if the disconnection was between booking and the hotel. I don't think so, because even the requests made directly on the phone were not performed as expected, or not with the quality and profesionality that would be expected of the services promoted in the webs and advertisings of the hotel. Normally, I don't complaint and the high price of the services is not an issue for me. If I get back a good service for what I'm paying for Other misinformation was regarding the service offered by the hotel, Meet and Greet it's promoted as a service offered to wait. The customers at the airplain door - or at least I understood like this. Actually, the person that received us was waiting for us at the baggage claim aerea We wouldn't get lost in this terminal in Paris. It'S not Schiphol, airport or Frankfort, but customer expect something special and even the person was very kind and attend. The service is not as special as we expected. Also in our trip back to the airport, the driver dropped us at the wrong place and we had to walk a bit to find the right place to drop out luggages. We were waiting that the driver would escort us till the check in area For a service that cost 290 and 160. There are taxis and other kind of transport services that for much less, they perform better and more professional Summarizing Big prices for very normal services. The room was good, I would say better than normal For a luxury room. It was not as good as I saw in my trips for rooms with the price. This room had Again I'm use to this kind of prices, but it's too expensive. I think the customer only pays for the location, Excellency is something else, and I didn't get this in my journey. 
Basic breakfast breakfast in cellar, decorated with tiles, with an underground look Bit spooky 
The original agreement with the reservation was broken at check In We had an awful experience, not a family friendly place. We are a family of six. Two of our kids had to sleep in room alone. Although the original agreement was different, they are both minors and we had sleepless nights going to their room many times at night and them calling us every couple of hours. Let go having to unexpectedly pay for a third room. 
The original agreement with the reservation was broken at check In We had an awful experience, not a family friendly place. We are a family of six. Two of our kids had to sleep in room alone. Although the original agreement was different, they are both minors and we had sleepless nights going to their room many times at night and them calling us every couple of hours. Let go having to unexpectedly pay for a third room. 
Uncomfortable bed, pillows No safe in rooms; 
Heating in the room was poor, even at 30degrees over night the room was still cold in the morning. Shame our double bed was noticeably two single mattresses put together. 
Nothing 
Pictures did not match room Room was too small to be nice. Room was not professionally clean. 
Bloody generator Doesn't go off until 2, 45am Aircon does seem to be an ongoing problem Was told there was a problem with mine and best not to touch it. 
The room is very small: even we chose the family room And the elevator very, very small. It'S very uncomfortable 
I could not find the softer pillow on the first night was packed away in the room and I could not turn off the air. Con did not help my sleep. Also as I moved the bed I found dirt under the bed. 
It was pretty far away from all the tourist attractions, but using the underground you were able to get to each attraction with each One. Reception staff spoke barely any english, which was difficult as we wanted to ask a gew questions. However, all the all reception staff spoke: brilliant, clean english, 
Small room 
The way staff reacted when we had a problem There was no assistance offered or given, and no management, input or leadership. I expect much better from a 5 hotel. They made us feel a nuisance rather than a customer, Hugely disappointing. 
Room is a bit small even after we upgraded for the Duplex 
Everything was fine, 
Parking 
We booked a suite, But this maybe the biggest room in Mimi's, but not a suite by any definition. It was a smallish room with a double bed and a tiny armless chair That is it. We got to the hotel 1 hour before check in The room was ready, but we were told that we would have to pay an extra 40 to go in the room. What the I have never come across this before anywhere in the world Fair enough. If it was a few hours before, but It is really noisy outside the hotel, so you will need their complimentary ear plugs 
Bedroom floor very squeaky and breakfast not great 
The staff needed more training in customer service if they want to keep their star rating 
Room was small for a family of four Need to plan activities at hotel, Even though it was non smoking, it would smell like cigarette smoke in hallways 
I loved everything 
We had water dripping from the ceiling in the bathroom. The whole floor was wet, I was fixed, but we had to complain twice And the size of the room and the breakfast buffet did not justify a price of 350 a night As well as the mini bar that was included in the price which had a small Coke some ornage juice and water in it Not really the minibar ur, expecting when you're booking the room. They also turned on the AC everday and cooled down to 15 degrees C, even though we turned it off again every day. 
Small and noisy room with very noisy water pipes during the night, which kept us awake Disappointing compared with previous stays. 
Nothing everything I experienced at the hotel was perfect. 
Everything good, no complaints, 
Everything looked a little tired, Bathroom fitments were decidedly old, The whole room needed referbishing, although I liked the style 
Check in staff could have been more helpful around VAT receipts. 
The room was not made one day: 
I was wondering where's exactly the fifth star came from Poor breakfast and If you think that fake grass in a lift is art, think again, 
The wifi did not work half the time and when it did, it was agonizingly slow. Our air conditioning made a very loud squeaky noise for the 30 seconds. It decided to actually turn on during our entire stay. 
1, The hotel lacks a personality and overall has a dull ambiance to it, which is encapsulated in all elements of the hotel 2. The mattress was curved and a had a huge hole in it. This made the sleeps extra uncomfortable and is completely unacceptable for a 4 star hotel to use a worn out. Mattress such as this Also there was not a proactive effort to replace the mattress 
For a short stay is fine, but longer stay. The room would be too small for big suitcases. 
Nothing 
Nothing not to like 
Construction going on right outside the hotel, 
Breakfast could be better 
Staff wasn't friendly at all Rude and unhelpful in general, Not very clean Making the room was closing the beds and putting in new towels. They didn't even clean the sink or bathtub 
Nothing is bad, except I lost my ring at my room and the room service couldn't find it. 
I only had a one night stopover and there was nothing I could find to complain about. 
Carried our heavy bags up to the reception Went up one floor in the lift searched for the room like in a labyrinth, then went down one floor through stairs while pulling our heavy luggage finally found our room at the end corner of the building. 
The mattresses were quite soft and uncomfortable and could use an upgrade. The decor of the rooms were also quite outdated. The hotel didn't provide things found at other hotels of the same category like complimentary, water bottles, cups in the bathroom, etc. The air conditioning in the room was not cooling as much as it should have. Overall, we expected more value for the price we paid. 
Wifi is outdated, Routine and little varied. Breakfast 
The noice at night is very bad. Often the disco close by and people walking by will be load. Till 3 4 am Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday evening. 
Nothing 
My bathroom flooded Wasn't good 
Single room on the ground floor is too narrow. The bed is small and there's no chair for the table. What you can do is just sleep on the bed. 
Nothing 
Quite disappointed in the staff Breakfast, not all The breakfast set up was poor and cold Had better at less reputable venues. Didn'T inspire us to eat there for evening meal. 
The location is a little further out than where we have stayed before, but places could be easily reached by tram or met 
Nothing not to like here 
Ingenting 
Didnt clean room each day, staff were unhelpful and rude hotel. Wasnt too great 
A bit pricy 
It is a really old hotel, with old furniture and old beds. The staff were rude and some of them waited for a drink. The cleaning was not done well enough. There were leftovers of waste from others who had stayed at the hotel, see photo. There was not internet in the rooms, you should pay extra. If you wanted this, It is not at all a Hilton hotel, as you would expect. 
The time to pool closed 
I booked a room wth 2 beds. In fact it was a suite with a large double bed and a sofa bed. The beds were very hard Apart from that, and that there was no TVs. We could understand nothing in English. Apart from cnn news, I would not fault this property. 
We travelled by car and parking in the neirborhood had very narrow parking places. Hence we had to choose parking near opera theater, which is quite expensive. 
Nothing 
Room can offer coffee and tea 
We enjoyed our stay and the hotel suited our needs, so nothing not to like 
Nothing 
Unfortunately, towel changes only one time in three days: Shampoo and bath gel didnt charge every day, Sweeming pool was very small. This hotel does not have gym and spa The double rooms was very small than other hotels. I recommended for selecting of one hotel: do not decided base on photo in websites. I could booked better hotel with same price. 
Everything was great, 
Needed and didn't get a room with a balcony 
No private beach for the hotel, 
One bad thing is that they charge you extra for using the safedepositebox locaded in your room, The room you already paid for And the breakfast is nothing compares to Park. Hotels breakfast across the street, 
Only wish is for there to be more sockets in the bedroom. There were 2 of us in our room and only one socket by the door to charge devices 
If I was to find any fault, it would be that our room was situated near the glass lift shaft. So we could hear the lift when being used. Nothing a heavy sleeper would notice and for me nothing. My ear plugs couldn't block out. 
Aircon didn't work, properly, fridge only worked, sometimes TV only worked, sometimes Room didn't have a jug and we were told we weren't allowed to have one The spa facilities cost and you have to book ahead. Everything except sleeping came at an extra cost. They tried to over charge. Me then made me wait half an hour while they asked around to find out. I was right: Some staff were nice, so were rude. We tried to speak Spanish, but their English was limited. 
The walls were to thin Laundry was expensive, 
Third floor room on a very busy noisy road made it difficult to sleep. 
The hotel is quite dated The room was adequate, but also quite dated There was construction going on. The online photos showed a huge gym facility, but it's actually 2 blocks away outside the hotel. Generally, the experience was disappointing. 
They lost our booking through you. I had e mailed them that our trip had changed and we would only be there 1 night instead of two Pre paid for two. Of course, I understood no refund but asked for maybe an upgrade to our room. They found the reservation and agreed We would have a nice room. It was no better that our two other visits In fact was smaller Construction going on for a remodel project Like the location and service. But this time it was not good and would make me not go next trip to Barcelona. 
I'M allergic to the dusty and immediately when I entered inside the room I smell it. The carpet was partial distroyed, A metal stick for the bath, towel was broken and the shower was not in the best condition not worth for the price paid. 
Air conditioning controlled from reception First night too hot second night, perfect 
I knew about this in advance and it was fine for me, as I wasn't intending to spend much time relaxing in the room, but some people might not like the fact there was no external window. The window was onto the foyer, which meant keeping the curtains shut for privacy. There are sofas in the central lobby, though, so you could sit and read there as an alternative I ate in the restaurant once and I have to say the food: wasn't all that impressive 
We thought the staff at the restaurant for breakfast were very nice other than that. Not so much 
Nothing All was fantastic. 
It was a little noisy, but we were near Las Ramblas intentionally Only minor issue is that doors to room, let in hallway noise, But it was quiet at night, and so we has no trouble sleeping 
Given a disabled person's room and didn't like the bathroom with shower curtain, 
There was no iron, which was strange, but when we requested it, the staff brought it up in an instant. My niece was up in the top bunk and she found the ladder hard to use. 
Room a touch small 
Breakfast and room service prices very expensive. The hotel is a bit out of the way, so there is not a lot of public transport and it stops quite early staff were unable to give us much useful information such as times of services. Shuttle bus does not start until 11am and only twice a day and not three times a day, as described in booking information City pick up at 6 45pm, allowing little time in the city. If using this service, No tea or coffee making facilities in rooms which you would expect in any hotel, 
Our bed was actually two single beds pushed together, which was ok but a little awkward when rolling over in the night. Our shower head also sprayed water all over the bathroom, but when we mentioned this to the staff they fixed it for us very quickly. Only thing that could be improved would maybe be having a mini fridge to keep bottles of water etc. But this wasn't a big issue. 
It would be the perfect place to stay with the addition of a small refrigerator in the room and access to a guest laundry 
Nothing 
The hotel was in a fair location, but a bit far from the main metro line L1. So if you plan to be there for 4 5 days, be ready to walk every day, 1 8 km from and to the metro station, There is another one closer Hospital Clinic L5, but it was a bit less useful for us. There were some weird noises in the room which we could not determine from where Nothing very disturbing, just weird Seemed like some problem with the pipes Not much natural light, at least in the room we were. We found the bed very hard and had trouble to sleep for the four days we were there. 
The wiew 
Was not the amount of distance that we booked at from a the las ramblers? 
Poor wi fi 
It seems to be a hotel that business people stay Not a bad thing. It is a discreet hotel with calm and serious people. 
Check in and out had lengthy queues bar only opens in the evenings, and the cafe opens late morning A few issues with key cards, opening the room and high price for extra bed put in the room. 
Nothing 
Nill 
Continuing building works inside and outside the hotel, 
We were not informed of the building works to the hotel as part of an upgrade programme. 
No twin beds, with view of canal rear view, only 
The bathroom and shower space was very small. The restaurant was being renovated, 
Not enough drinks available in the room, Slightly overpriced for the room itself. 
We couldn't regulate the room temperature and it was really cold. Also. The sink wasn't comfortable at all great looking and super modern, but uncomfortable to use. 
Even though the hotel knew we'll arrive in a group of three people, there were only two towels in the room They brought more when I asked, but housekeeping, took them away and again left us with two towels for the rest of our stay. Shower has touch control. Sometimes I had to spend a minute to turn it off, probably because of wet fingers. Mobile app for some reason uses Bluetooth. I expected NFC and sometimes fails to open a lock with various error messages. 
If the hotel location had been around 4 tram stops closer to the city centre, it would have been perfect. 
We don't have any complaints one day. Thewifi was going on and off for some time but othervise. It worked just fine 
Nothing 
We booked a twin but got a double room. They moved us the next day, though 
Dirty bathroom, very expensive, unflexible early 1100 checkout, extremely small, never again, 
Nothing 
Building and furniture is a little dated, but remodeling probably isn't worth the investment Bathroom was too small for two people to use. At the same time, Other rooms might have been more updated. 
Super expensive parking Staff at the front desk very inflexible, 
On our last day, we had planned to visit some sights using taxis, as I have difficulty walking any distance. I wasn't told that the taxis were on strike. That day I thought there should have been some notice at reception to let guests know. 
Ac fridge both sucks extra bed Euro 45 per night to high 
The terrace room was not great, Too cramped for 2 pax and no privacy, with a toilet with a glass door Terrace a bit of a waste 
Had a room on the 3 rd floor facing away from the street, which was good as the rooms are not very well insulated for sound, You get a fair degree of distrurbing noise from people in adjoining rooms or in the hallway. 
Poor bar service and very small pool, None of us 5 felt like going in In our global opinion. This hotel should not be rated 4 star, sup 
There, for 10 days could have done with a bit of storage space, limited bar food, very expensive chiringito on roof lovely place, but never a free seat, closed sunday, weds so be aware, if you are there, those nights last night up at 5, am for flight. Having had no sleep at all, as they had filming in entrance, huge lighting rig lots of noise, especially when the crew were de rigging metal crates into a lorry. 
Rooms could be spruced up a bit 
There is a construction site near the hotel working going on all day. Some of the room are shaking with load noises Non smoking rooms, smell of cigarettes. Why to charge 16 Euro per day for parking? This should be free. The room is not maintain, properly damaged or broken items. 
The property needs renovation, the value for money was not proportionate. 
All servies 
Nothing 
The wifi is not too good. 
The size of the room, which was small little bit 
The hotel is very large with many large groups, so it can be a bit noisy, although probably for this reason, an excellent place to stay. If traveling, with lots of family At 19 euros, the buffet breakfast was rather pricey, but we appreciated the cafe, with smaller, less expensive options. 
Parking, we had a lot of problems to find a lot first day. 
The bar restaurant was overpriced, There is better value for money and more choice, just a short walk away. 
Seems a little outdated, somewhat dirty and quite expensive for what you get to be honest. 
Nothing 
Unfortunately, no restaurant, Small rooms, but guess probably standard for Amsterdam centre. 
The bed was rather hard for me and the shower kept flooding the bathroom 
Nothing 
Paying for parking 
A little bit far away from the tram station 
The room was relatively small and the hotel corridors feel somewhat old From the several fire proof doors. I see along the way to my room. Perhaps the management think there is some risk of that. The bed had a dent in the middle as though they'd combined two beds into one 
The only minor negative point is the key card didn't always work. However, a thank you to the lovely maintenance man who I diverted from fixing a safe in another room, also the duty manager who also sorted out access on a couple of occasions. 
Breakfast is pretty basic and no complimentary tea coffee in the room. 
I, like smoother sheets 
Steep stairs 
Nothing 
Incompetent Staff 
The breakfast in the executive lounge could have been better by having hash browns so that a full English breakfast could be eaten and more choice of cereals. 
The front desk was helpful, but not what you'd, except for a four star hotel. You will have to repeat yourselves a few times The pool was take up with an outside swimming class which were teaching small children and there was no room for a paying guest. But this was the only bad points which id like to see change, but i will be back thats for sure. 
Our room was quite tired and old. The bathroom was very small and it was difficult to get in and out of the bath to have a shower. I think the potential to have an accident was quite high. 
Room was small, 
Not sure where to start The Hotel from the outside looked lovely Reception, looked nice Staff. Ok, We had heavy luggage and were advised to use the lift. You were lucky if you can fit a suitcase in this lift. It was the size of a single wardrobe. The room was Outdated, No Air Con, No batteries in remote control, no tea bags and one milk for two. We have travelled and stayed in many places. This has to be by far the worst Very over priced for what was there. We certainly did not want to stay for breakfast 
Would have liked to be in the city center, Not enough light in the room. 
Strange smell of lobby in 3rd floor 
Room is too small and no spa in the hotel. 
Seemed like there was renovation going on, so the lobby wasn't very tidy. 
Took ages for the hot water to get to us Had to turn the tap for on, for at least 5 minutes did mention to staff on our departure. Who said she will get maintenance onto it. There were three lifts, but one was out of action, so had to wait a while for a lift. The steps were very steep and narrow. So was hard to use them. They were upgrading the rooms with new toilet systems. We were lucky to have one, but the new unfitted ones were left at the entrance in the foyer that looked a bit unsightly. 
The bed twins put together very soft, not so good for people with back problems. 
Negative aspects were closeness to railroad, lack of balcony and no mid ceiling. Light in the room Takes some time to get to city center, but was good to park. The car for the night, Access to wi fi was a bit tricky but manageable. 
No coffee fascilities in my room, 
Nothing 
The sewerage in the bathroom does not work well. 
We asked for rooms side by side, as we travelled in a group of 6 4 kids, but we were not accommodated. 
Air con smell Had to change into 2 separate rooms at 1am, with no compensation for inconveniance 
The swimming pool was a bit basic, a few plants around and more loungers would have been nice 
We found it not as convenient for sightseeing unless we caught Taxis. 
The room hasn't got windows, 
The price of breakfast, if it is not in a prepaid deal, is way too high. 
Towels are sometime not 100 clean 
Tight parking entrance, Long walk from elevator to room Soap dispensers in the bathroom 
Bath room rather small 
Nothing Perfect 
This is a 3 star hotel, not 4 star. The rooms are absolutely bare. You get nothing except a room, Not even water, tea, coffee, minibar, The matress was very uncomfortable. 
The bar was nonalcoholic 
Coffee machine broke for breakfast Breakfast over priced without coffee, 
Parking is too small for nirmal cars. My car has been damaged by another car in the parking 
City taxes, 
One of the male staffs were quite rude from our arrival. 
Breakfast waiting time, 
Room relatively small, But really well designed 
The hotel is just perfect, Nothing. We didn't like 
No hot water, 25 min waiting for it to come and, at the end finished doing my shower with cold water. 
No cooked breakfast 
Wifi was poor, 
8 of us arrived early in the morning. We were happy to wait around the corner in the lounge, while people checked out but were not impressed when we found others lined up behind us had checked in before us. On the plus side. We were very grateful for the early check in and the extra we paid to not have to wait for. One did give us a room. We were very happy with Breakfast was a little costly. We found a lovely cafe on a nearby corner that provided a tasty and healthy alternative. Many cafes do not open for breakfast early one told us 11am 
It really was quite expensive, though 
Nothing 
Breakfast food was good, but the room lacks soul. Staff were not as friendly as we would have liked check in was fine, but further enquiries to the front desk about late check outs were painful. 
Cleanliness, toilet bowl was not clean, properly Limited room amenities, 
Too small room for three persons, tiny bathroom, poor air conditioning, not cooling enough and water - was dripping from a c. Some equipments wasn't wiped from dust for a long, long time, windowsill, heater wall, lamp, etc. Small elevator 
Avoid the restaurant, Our Mercure burgers, where cold and the bread was old, not really what you expect for the prices they charge Parking across. The road is easy and will safe, 17 50 a night 
Temperature in the room became extremely uncomfortabe and hot. In the wee hours of the July morning, we awoke there Terribly sweaty and unable to drift back off. Also Room 312 is located many rooms from the lone miniature elevator. It was a long trek with 4 bags for weary travelers 
Location Transport services, Cost of extra bed and food 
Nothing negative to point out: 
The short brunette female staff member who dealt with my check in was straight off the bat abrupt and rude from the get go To describe her. There is another lady that looks almost identical to her at reception. She constantly looks pissed off too Every country. I have been to you reserve and pay at check out, and I found it quite bizarre that this is the first booking com hotel, where I had to pay at check in That's fine, but I did not find it pleasant how the staff member repeated sir, you Have to pay now multiple times and then say on booking com. It says you have to pay at check in No, It does not. I looked in your hotel's Terms and Conditions, and it mentions that there is a 25 deposit and that I will have to show my passport with a credit card on arrival for ID No pay at check in on booking com. To top all of that off, she gave me NO information about the hotel whatsoever. She gave me the card for my room as well as my receipt, and that was it. I didn't know what time the breakfast started or ended. I had to come back and ask. I didn't know anything at all about the SPA which btw you have to pay 15 per day to use She charged my card without asking me. This is where the argument arose from. She did not make me feel, welcome whatsoever And from reading comments left by various others, the female members of staff are really rude in this's place and they don't make. You feel welcome It's a shame, because it's relatively well situated with taxis just outside and a metro, 5 minutes away, And it's very stylish. The wi fi, however, is shockingly bad in all areas of the hotel. You can just about connect yourself to Facebook Right across the street. There is a nightclub which will play loud, bassy, music until 6am in the morning, so for a family. Maybe this isn't the best option, But the soundproofing is very good. It'S just the bass. 
My room was not too far from the hostel pool. As a result, there was a very strong smell of chlorine all over the place. 
Nothing 
Room service menu is quite limited. Food quality. Ok, at best, Some rooms are quite far from the elevator 
Nothing 
The hotel is quite a long walk from the city centre and many of the attractions, as well as being far from the airport, But we easily overcame this using the metro. 
Nothing, you can't fault this hotel, 
We didn't have breakfast as too expensive, great little inexpensive, cafes nearby 
The staff was pretty unfriendly and annoying except one guy. The smart hub function on the smartTV didn't work at all Very few English channels. 
Nil, 
It'S a little expensive for the location and the service offers 
More tea and coffee in the room, please 
No one could communicate so had to run around sorting things out Extra costs that I was not aware of, etc. 
Very expensive, poor serivce staff are not friendly at all. They cannot provied iron to your room and the lundary service expensive and will take long time. They take long long time to answer the phone calls 
The wifi was very, very poor. You could not open even google website. 
The superior rooms couldnt be connected and i wasnt informed And as soon as i enter my room, there was suage smell. Wich was horrible, 
The bed 
We only had a bathtub, not a shower, Although I didn't mind, it was a bit odd for my husband and kids 
Trams were a little noisy, but no other negatives for this hotel. 
Tram: noise; 
The area was not what we were expecting Service in the restaurant was not acceptable. We waited over an hour for our children's main course and when it arrived, it was not as described on the menu expected chicken fillet and received a type of reformed, stuffed chicken and ham fritter The door on our shower jammed and our son was left unable to Have a wash 
No electric outlets by the bed 
Noise from the restaurant and no view from the window, 
If breakfast could have been available on the roof, or at least a coffee machine, fridge with water etc at the roof pool, 
Nothing 
Service was poor from R ception through to breakfast. Although the pool staff were great, The staff and service, not a patch on Hotel Arts, 
Food in Cecciones Italian was tasteless steak over cooked and tough vegan pasta was bland and sent back to kitchen. The only complaint we had everything else was perfect. 
There was a shower panel missing, which made showering a bit difficult. 
Nothing 
Lots of apologies and refu Dec, half the cost, 
The mood light system could be more clear to operate and the room could be more sound proof. Closing of other people's hotelroom doors are clearly heard, No toilet brush in the toilet. Although the hotel serves soy milk at breakfast, the warm food breakfast items made to order could not be served with soy. Milk. A soy milk porridge, would have been nice. 
The fact that we couldn't stay longer, I personnally, didn't like the hussle and bussle of the the Main Street leading to Dam Square because of heavy footfall. However, visiting Jordaan and De Pijp districts were quieter quaint areas to visit. 
The hotel rooms were not very clean, The breakfast choices were limited, 
Given voucher, but voucher arrived after, we had left for the day did not arrive back till early hours as had been away to football match, but couldn't use voucher in morning. 
Location is slighty boring. The toilets are not very private. At some point, our airco failed us a little 
Free slippers, 
Could be more English speaking tv channels, Bbc world news and USA stock exchange news didn't entertain our teens and Disney channel too young 
Swimming pool was very small. 
The flusher for the toilet was falling off the wall of our bathroom, but we were able to deal with it every time. One morning someone came to clean the room at 8, 30am or so, and it was fine, but we were woken up by it and it was just a bit too early. 
Lift was broken and had to use the service lift, but no biggie 
The hotel does not have air conditioning and we must open the window, but the outside of the hotel is very noisy until 04 00am. Finally, we cannot sleep very well and when open the window is also not safe for the children. 
Reception, lady is professional, but very cold. 
It was my first time in Austria and it was a surprise to discover that no tea coffee is automatically provided, even though there was a kettle in the room. A printed notice next to the kettle would be welcome. 
You should be aware that there is a wide difference in the apartments and that the fifth floor. The units are much smaller and lack charm. There is nothing wrong with them, but the lower floors have grace and opulence Book a lower floor. If that is important to you, 
The swimming pool was a little small, ok for the children as long as no more than 6 or 7 people were in it at the same time. Strangely, the cleaners did not bother to remove used glasses and the bathroom wasn't always fully cleaned. 
Restaurants and bars with a view of Sagrada familia, you can expect to pay more 
Quite a lot of dust in the rum and some mold in the bathroom 
A bit far from city center difficult to find a parking 
There was another building in front of the main hotel that we guided there. This old building was good enough for our stay, but was not lux as it was shown. We must carry our heavy suitcases about 10 steps from elevators to floors. 
Very expensive parking 
The elevators were very small and it would have been nice if the building hallways were air conditioned. 
No complaints, 
Reception was poorly managed, some of the lifts were not working properly. There were not adequate towels placed in the room and we had to call a number of times before we got any After 1 night. They again didn't sort the towels out and did not replenish the tea coffee until asked to. There was also not enough toilet roll, and we also had to ask for some more. We complained to reception, but they didn't seem to care, but eventually offered to have the manager call us. I still haven't heard from them. 
Poor bathroom, very old fashioned and needs refurb 
Great shopping and places to visit 
Nothing 
There was no kettle in the room you had to go to the bar to get hot water. My room was very noisy, it's right next to train station and it felt like I was in a war zone. I couldn't have a bath as the bath plug. Would not close The hotel is in the middle of nowhere. It has a park next door, No nice restaurants or bars nearby. 
Expensive parking 50 Euro for 2 days, Theres no chance to park near out of the hotel 
Honestly, I like everything in the hotel, especially the staff - They are very kind, lovely and friendly. I would difintley recommend this nice hotel to my friends. 
Definitely not worth the money, No regular windows, only sky light windows, The room and the bathroom are very small. 
Dark rooms - 
Taxi to and from airport very expensive 51 
Very limited tea, coffee, milk Mini bar fridge was locked, so couldn't put your own water in to keep it cool. 
The staff were very unflexible. I was travelling with 2 children and had inadvertently omitted to include their room in the breakfast package. The staff would not change this, so we ultimately went out every morning for breakfast and my package went unused. Also. The bar restaurant in the lobby seemed to close whenever it chose to 
I emailed them to be picked up from the airport, but we didn't get any response. That'S the only thing, but I have emailed them via booking com, so not sure if they received or not 
Only one multigym for training 
Limited hours for Health Club 
Nothing 
There is limit for using wifi, It's not so convenience for us. For example, we have two computers and two cell phone. The limit is up to 3 units. It means that there is one facility have to got out of wifi. 
The rooms are quite small and quite dark. The breakfast is nothing special 
It can be difficult to get a lounger in the day. There are only 8, but if you're going out and about then this is a very minor issue Plus you could upgrade to a room with a balcony and that would solve the problem. 
The shower area was a bit small and water easily leaked onto the floor. 
Parking difficult 
Floors in a room were not cleaned properly. Every day In breakfast, room glasses for water juice were dirty. It would be nice to have bedside table or smth on both side of double bed. If you are there for a longer period and have a lot of clothes, there may be not enough space for these. In our opinion, the ordered mojito was the worst we've ever tried, but maybe we were just unlucky. If you have a light sleep you wake easily because of different sounds. You should use earplugs as trains and neighbours sounds, are easily heard. 
Breakfast was poor and not tasty. Unfortunately, Only 1 waitress could not manage cleaning and serving on time. So we had to wait for food and cutlery about 15 min 
Nothing 
Noisy small room 
Nothing 
Nothing really 
It'S 21st century and wifi is not working at all. Nowadays, it is not a luxury feature, but a necessity. 
Need to better up the breakfast, Although the parking facilities are perfect, using them are really expensive. 
A slight problem with the old fashioned key attached to the e card when the room is occupied by 2 people with different schedules, Americans might need to ask for the bigger rooms available. 
Air conditioning not working dated bathroom fittings breakfast starts at 7, too late TV, too small 
Our allocated room was not made up and we had to relocate to a different room, Didn't like the hand towels, as they were, cotton and very thin. 
The location is a bit far from downtown Milan, but fortunately we had a car and were easily able to drive to the metro. 
Internet connection was weak, 
Marketing photo's of roof top bar appeared to imply pool area significantly bigger than encountered, albeit we accept. This was a stunning facility and also a city centre. Hotel, however, limited sun bed opportunities and had been the deciding factor in choosing the hotel Bar staff at Roof. Top bar were quite pushy and over confident, but maybe were just being British 
House, keeper, lady, we put the sign of dont disturb and she knocked the door and came to the room woke us up in the morning and also in another day. She entered the room without permission and cleaned. While we already put do not disturb and when i called the staff to complain and report, they didn't even apologize for that and were too calm and lazy. 
Staff could be more nice, 
On the second day, at 4, 00 PM the room was not cleaned. When I asked for the cleaning service, the lady in charge told me that she had other business to do Very rude. The carpet needs a change asap For 350 euro. At night we aspected more 
There was nothing that we did not like. 
Breakfast not veg friendly 
Our room was quite small: 
One more reading lamp above the bed headboard would have been helpful for our stay. 
I asked for a plug adapter for my phone, so I could set my alarm. They could not find one. I had a wake up call to be sure I caught my train. They never called, and I overslept and needed to rush to the station Breakfast was included with the room, but we didn't get to eat it. The woman at the desk was sorry and didn't charge me the tax. I felt they needed to provide a greater discount 
Gym Prices, Roof top area; 
The LOCATION VERY FARE FROM THE CENTER. I RECOMMEND TO THE HOTEL TO MAKE A BUS TRANSPORTATION TO THE CENTER EVERY HOUR AND MAKE A PRICE FOR IT AS A ADDITIONAL 
Roof top bar was closed. 
Rooms, accomodation 
Location 
Nil, 
Breakfast staff pleasant, but I was wanting a cup of cappuccino and after try's ngbto get their attention. I gave up and bought a cup at the local cafe. They were busy cleaning up after patrons and made sure the large table of business men had their cappuccino. Espresso not once even checking on me a lone traveler. Usually someone comes over and asks if I would like something or inquires. If all is ok, I was never even acknowledged. 
The quality of breakfast food was terrible. 
The location next to Milan Central railway station doesn't feel that secure at night. 
Our room had no airco and summer temperatures made it quite hot 
No air conditionar 
Too much security guests need an access key to get to your room. Mini bar wasnt refilled upon clean up Small rooms; 26 euro for a very basic breakfast 
Didn'T like the attitude of the staff at front desk, 
Nothing, It was spot on 
Very expensive food for tiny portions 
A lot of construction going on in the area 
Staff could be a bit warmer friendly, 
Booking com hadn't passed booking details to the hotel, so staff had to sort that all out when we arrived 
The bed needed to be flipped or replaced long ago. It had large dents in the foam mattress, where many people before me have slept Pretty uncomfortable. We might as well have gotten a twin room Because of the lump in the middle it felt like we were in different beds anyway. 
Air conditioner a little weak rooms a little too dark 
That the reciption is very small and connected to bar, which made us confuse when we reached, and we did not know where to check in Other than that everything was perfect. Best of luck, 
